---
id: "75140675269"
blogName: "sweetcherryerotica"
type: "text"
title: "flutter."
summary: "flutter."
date: "2014-01-31 10:44:00 GMT"
slug: "flutter"
state: "published"
tags: "melbourne,ego,self-worth,love insecure,pain,suffer,depression,break up"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZPXuWo15_kxR5"
postUrl: "https://sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com/post/75140675269/flutter"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So, I uh, have been dealing with a lot of problems from my episodic temperament and thankfully I’ve managed to sort them out, perhaps rather efficiently. While not entirely eradicated from my existence, is a consistent work in progress to be praised. 

In other words, I’ve made a commitment to my own happiness. 

I was a complete emotional wreck following my break up. It’s hard to say what really happened, though I find no point in elaborating in the disgust. Here’s a hint for the struggle sport within: Ego is a direct result of having no self-esteem. If you believe in an “image” of yourself, then you are living a lie, a fabrication of your true self. 

The images don’t exist my friend. They do in your head, but that’s the reason why you experience those negative emotions within. Actually, it’s one of the reasons why Tumblr is so bad for people who struggle with imagery. Oh, don’t worry, it took me a while to figure that one out. 

I was there. I was in pain. I unnecessarily suffered from the judgement and the ego and the incessant chatter in my mind. The voice that tells you you’re not good enough, because you don’t fit the desired image in your head. However, in retrospect, I can happily say that my transformation has been astounding. 

I still struggle, though not nearly as much as before. 

I ditched the ego. I have a sense of self-worth and independence. Dare I say, I love myself. I don’t think I’ve ever loved myself before. I don’t judge people any more, just as I don’t myself. I am not insecure about myself. My insecurities have mostly disappeared.

There’s a few things I want to do with this blog. Obviously I want to write, yes, that is something I love doing. It’s what I did on my previous two Tumblr blogs and it’s what I plan on doing with this one. I really want to focus on erotica, because it’s something I’m really good at, though it’s really the imagery I’m good at painting.

My words are very manipulative. They implant certain ideas into your mind and they leave you helpless. Another talent that the intellect has conjured. 

I also wish to impart some of the wisdom I’ve gained over the past couple of months, which have really helped with my “condition”. 

More importantly, I suppose, I want meet people. 

You are a person I shall meet.