---
id: "75140656040"
blogName: "sweetcherryerotica"
type: "text"
title: "goodbye."
summary: "goodbye."
date: "2014-01-31 10:44:00 GMT"
slug: "goodbye"
state: "published"
tags: "erotica,writing,sweetcherryerotica,melbourne,domination,seduction,sex,stories,slave,kink"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZPXuWo15_kske"
postUrl: "https://sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com/post/75140656040/goodbye"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Hello there, pretty thing. 

I’m a writer. You know, the person entertaining your imagination; rearranging the pretense you fatally presume to provide luxury to the dull reality you preoccupy. Oh, you bore me eternally. Stupid thing. You see, I create all those “silly stories” for you to cherish in your mind. I’m a utility of sorts, forever plaguing the disgust you long for; teetering on the edge of your tongue like the methylation of your lonely soul. Taste me bitch or forever seek your pain.

If I allow you, that is.

You don’t really have a choice in this regard. You can already feel me inside you, as the frenzy whips you into lust. I’m around you, breathing down onto the fake emotions you shelter and pretend; above your waist, within the realm of your broken desires, as I place my hand on the swift conception of your glorified fantasy. Please don’t look at me so dangerously, because I may be inclined to bite.

The hurt is all yours dear, so don’t you dare get cocky with me. I will make you hurt. I will make you scream. Fuck you bitch. Give me a choice and I’ll discard that fucking little face of yours with my fist you dumb little fuck.

You’re all mine to handle and destroy, so don’t make me angry. 

Oh, sweet cutie. I’m sorry if I startled you there. Please take my hand. I promise it only cares to see you smile. I would never do anything to harm you. Let me kiss you on the cheek. I only exist to provide you with the eternal warmth you entail.

You must. 

Let me hold you with my grip. I will vice you. Tear you. Break you. Fuck you. Don’t cross me.

So yes.

I am your writer. Be kind. Be love. These hands around your neck will make you smile. It shall be my task.

—

sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com