---
id: "75353936154"
blogName: "sweetcherryerotica"
type: "text"
title: "smack."
summary: "smack."
date: "2014-02-02 10:30:00 GMT"
slug: "smack"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,erotica,pussy,cum,story,NSFW,horny,porn,melbourne,tease,seduction,romance,creampie,domination,kink"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZPXuWo16BST4Q"
postUrl: "https://sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com/post/75353936154/smack"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

My lips smack your thighs; voracious whipping snapping frenzy. The stubble on my chin scrapes the edge of your vagina; shuddering down into the vague tingle of your fractured loneliness. One finger. Now two. I playfully suggest the words of my desires, through the calculated motions of my perpetuation. I gently caress the inside of your walls, making sure that every neuron is cared for and accounted. They say the interior of a woman’s vagina is twice as sensitive as a man’s penis, however my fingers aren’t one to tell lies. Your pleasure deserves a fine appreciation; an appreciation that only my touch can provide.

I go down on your luscious body with my tongue, making the most of my addiction to your crave. My head is in-between your legs, yet my presence feels halfway in-between your body. I grab you and pull you in, scratching my nails down your back like a demented tiger. My fingers are everywhere and my mouth is full of your lust. Your candy is temptation girl, so please stop being so sweet; cute sugar pie. I press my lips against your vagina.

*kiss*

You place your hands on my head, squeezing my hair with the desperation of your sexual insecurity. My tongue is dangerous and feisty tonight. It wants to taste the luxury of your interior; the strong scent of pussy dripping from my nose. My face is covered in your wet gush. My hands are a mess. You’re horny and sweaty to the point of irritation, but for your pleasure… I’ll do just about anything. The tip of my cheek presses against your clit, as I shove my face in violently for another round at the table.

Oh, how you love it when I do that. You know what I’m talking about. Yet you’ve never felt this sort of pleasure before. It’s like giving candy to a child. It’s that simple. You really can’t help yourself, can you? Stupid girl.

I stop. I look up into your beauty and I stare into your eyes with an intensity like death. This man wants more. I prance at your breasts; fondling them with a vivid roughness, like a beast from a foreign land.

You bite your lip and return the power of your suggestion. I place myself on top of your thighs feel heavy.

You’re all mine.

—

sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com