---
id: "75255313546"
blogName: "sweetcherryerotica"
type: "text"
title: "ugh."
summary: "ugh."
date: "2014-02-01 14:48:09 GMT"
slug: "ugh"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,sexual frustration,melbourne,opportunity,bad experience,women,abstinence,bad luck,love,hope,struggle"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZPXuWo165aFIA"
postUrl: "https://sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com/post/75255313546/ugh"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

My life hasn’t turned out as planned, but that’s quite okay. In fact, I would say I’ve had mostly bad experiences with women, but it’s not something I take personally. I make it my duty to soldier on.

I grew up abstinent most my life. Not out of choice, but simply from lack of opportunity. Sex was something you’d dream about, but never imagine happening. I went to a single-sex, academically elitist high school, I never went to parties, I didn’t know any girls and I was a complete introvert. 

The first girl I ever had a chance with, was during first year uni. She was incredibly pretty and I remember the rush of hugging her after our first class and freaking out about asking for her number. Anyway, she turned out to be horrible and she left a very sour taste in my mouth, to the point of turned me off women for years.

My first relationship, while something I’ll never forget, certainly ended up being more traumatic than enjoyable. To have the person you love more than the entire world, tell you that she’s going to kill herself every single day, isn’t an experience you want to go through. Not to mention all the miscommunication, the lies, the cheating, the everything. I made the mistake of sticking with her and doing everything in power to try and combat her depression, however it only ended up destroying me. It was terrible beyond what I can describe.

After our break up, I thought I was yet again saved by this girl I’d met over Tumblr. I would write her erotica and she would get really horny and I was 99% adamant we were going to meet up and fuck. Like, I really did think I had it in the bag and she would even tell me how much she wanted to and it was like a dream come true. A girl who wants to fuck and take drugs together? Sign me up and yes, we really did have a connection going on.

So before anything can happen, she goes on a two week cruise, then supposedly she picks up some virus and it’s been more than 3 weeks since and basically, she doesn’t respond to any of my messages. Again, I feel lied to and cheated. I feel you can only deal with so many false expectations before you’re ready to call it quits and go home.

However I don’t give up. I will try until I die. I already feel like I’ve died many times internally, so the pain isn’t something I’m new to.

I think it’s just sexual frustration. I’ve been dying to fuck for as long as I can remember and every time I’ve gotten close, I’ve always had my hopes destroyed. I only ever had 4 days of sex with my ex, so you can imagine how I feel.

Yet it’s not just the sex. I think it’s the connection and the affection I’m also seeking; the form of intimacy which makes sexual relationships so fulfilling.

While it’s easy to be disappointed, I’m not willing to let my ego dictate my self-worth. I see opportunity in all this. An opportunity to grow. An opportunity to embrace the circumstance I’ve been given. Yo, guess what? I don’t struggle with girls anymore. I’m not insecure about myself. I have social skills beyond most people. I have control over my depression. I’ve becoming unimaginable to what I used to be.

The beat down isn’t important. I’ve been beaten down in more ways than I can imagine (the hilarious thing, is that you realise you’re in fact responsible for beating yourself down the most). It’s how you deal with your own internal struggle and I’ve used it to become a better version of myself. I didn’t comfort eat. I didn’t turn to self-harm. I won’t be that person. 

Now it’s time to kick-ass.