---
id: "57113298099"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "About ______ _____."
summary: "About ______ _____."
date: "2013-08-02 01:17:00 GMT"
slug: "about"
state: "published"
tags: "tragedy,emotion,feeling,free thinker,intellectual"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErrCDyIp"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/57113298099/about"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

It’s almost impossible to find a source of non-tragedy. That is to say, has the ability to process large volumes of emotion, without necessarily having suffered the trauma. I’m one of those people. Do call me an intellectual free-thinker, and I don’t mean that as some pissy title. I have the logical capacity to prove it. 

Let’s compare it to an asteroid. You have impact (trauma) and you have the crater (effect). The greater the trauma, the greater the effect. In essence, my type have the ability to create the crater without having suffered the initial trauma. It’s almost like creating illusions in my mind. 

Why do I do this? Well obviously because getting raped or having a gun pointed at your head isn’t fun. However, I love playing with tragedy and in a controlled manner, is an intellectual orgasm for the mind. Tragedy is useful for obtaining perspective and perspective IS the bread and butter of existence. So by minimizing the crater, you can feel the emotional depth without the traumatizing side effects! Brilliant ^^

So now, if I can find a girl as complex as THIS, you can imagine it would be the greatest thing on earth. It would literally be perfect. You could slap her, she could punch you in the face (alright, you know I’m kidding.) But it wouldn’t matter because it would be LOVE. Everything would be anything and the bliss would almost be too overwhelming, because conceptual thought is a powerful monologue. 

Can you see now why I hate insecurity so much? Just tell me in plain English what it is you want to know. In Western cultures, we have this very judgmental attitude towards people. Well yes, no wonder for weird European sexual tastes ;) 

I have a few friends who I share this relationship with (though really, there’s only one guy who truly gets it) and the amount of friction between us is zero. Our relationship is like ice. Why walk, when you can just perpetually slide, indefinitely with no effort, forever? That’s what I call living.