---
id: "60397907068"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "attitude."
summary: "attitude."
date: "2013-09-05 13:53:00 GMT"
slug: "attitude"
state: "published"
tags: "grammar,writing,words"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruF-kny"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60397907068/attitude"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

Too many words. Few too prying eyes. I will admit that my posts have become extraordinarily long as of late and that in the elaboration of my deranged tedium, have suffered holy wounds in the heart of my literary prowess. Not only via my choice of words, but also in the structure of my homeless ideas, dawdling towards grace. Using verbs as adjectives, broken child? Deary me.

I like to touch base and move on. I feel the need to always be doing something different, which is why the content of this blog changes so rapidly. I may spend hours on the editing process, trying to perfect every single frame into logical sequence. Sometimes I aim to see metaphor crammed into indefinable excess, like the filling of an eclair with my nonsensical ramblings. I may write with the intention of concise message and others to create an air of unnecessary convolution like that of consistent vomit, as can be witnessed in the previous post. Irregardless of your intention, it’s all in the delivery. Oh wow, so you call yourself a writer!? I call bullshit! It doesn’t matter what you say, you pretentious loner. It’s how you use these words, to convey the sodden one-two paradise in your head; the glee which makes you shine. 

Though what can I say. Grammar makes me happy. Oh, that and Animal Crossing. I love Animal Crossing ^^.