---
id: "60353710295"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "crapple."
summary: "crapple."
date: "2013-09-05 12:04:00 GMT"
slug: "crapple"
state: "published"
tags: "blog,writing,anonymous"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruDN8ZN"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60353710295/crapple"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I take to certain pretense over how this blog has so voraciously depreciated in literary content. I will product you into pockets of joy; the silent exuberance of your own sinister domain. I guess a variety in grammatical fuck-ups are a warm addition to the fine illusion of anxiety prone misdemeanor, in that when you are mind-fucked at the most senile of moments, you can expect it evolve into the very basis of contemporary entertainment.

Understandably, my sentiment may seem entirely schizophrenic. Unless if you actually know me or have taken the time to sift through my entire blog, my crumple personality will always take, take and twist into the unheard voices strangling your soul. Simply sir and nothing more. I don’t feel there’s a particular ‘me’ within this lonely tale, only the neurotic associations geared towards this remarkable spectrum.

“Oh look. It’s a girl! What the fuck do I do?”

The real problem with this blog is that it’s disingenuous, because the basic notion of free speech in an anonymous setting is simply not true. Sometimes I’ll write nothing more than complex metaphor and there are times where I honest to god, with the mercy of screaming lungs, will want nothing more, than to drill a compendium of dick jokes into your body that flabbles and flobs. I believe they call it double penetration (exactly, you see?)

I guess that’s why I like to keep this blog anonymous. Well actually, I like the very idea of anonymity. It also lends itself towards the creation of it’s own writing style, leaving subtle hints of focus to remain ponder on these cardboard ideas. Silly, silly. I do write a lot more than you’d think. I just don’t publish a lot of my articles, because I don’t want this canvas too dilute with the misery of my incomprehension. 

If you look under the covers, you’ll realise that I’m still inherently myself. This is still my personality you’re being greeted with. There’s just no label to associate with. No face. No name.

Happily, I already know who I am ^^.