---
id: "58781770802"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "crunch."
summary: "crunch."
date: "2013-08-20 11:45:00 GMT"
slug: "crunch"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,poem,writing,helpless"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErslggGo"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58781770802/crunch"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I grabbed her by the throat, slapping her sodden form around like the rabid circles perpetuating her incomplete thoughts, slowly consuming the dead space of her twisted logic; the brain she never had. Yes, an indecent act by anyone’s standards, even for the portrayal of my own misogynistic attitudes, five personalities at a time. Which of my bitter tastes scar you the most? 

You know sir, passive observer there in the white robe of eternal blankness, dumb bitches need to be treated poorly like animated dirt. Otherwise, these insolent creatures might just have a fighting chance at survival. HA! Fight is such a pretty word, especially when sold under the pretense of the few, harmless assumptions we allow them to have. Yes dear, you may look at the array of pretty pictures there in the window sill, but a thought too many may have just cost you your freedom. 

Give a girl a brain and she may as well hold a gun to your head; call it the intellectual ransom of your own disguise. I guess I let go out of pity; the dumb bitch stumbling against the wall like some kind of dazed rhinoceros. Don’t break anything now, or I may just have to chain you again, and again, and again. Trained thought isn’t her particular forte. for… what? 

She was a cute one. Cute is good, because it is emphasised powerlessness. Not a hint of malice protruded through the tears in her eyes, only the fantasy of a better life; the gleam of hopelessness by choice, in the streams of her broken reality as they held her down by the ankles.

Hurt is good. So please don’t be bad.