---
id: "60358808735"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "cute."
summary: "cute."
date: "2013-09-05 13:51:00 GMT"
slug: "cute"
state: "published"
tags: "girl,sex,oh cmon"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruDgbIV"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60358808735/cute"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

There’s this girl I seldom see because of her somewhat peculiar lifestyle. Anyway, we met up last night to hang out for a bit and whenever we do meet up, it’s generally quite odd for the both of us. Her friend had left town and she was feeling lonely (not to mention, we’d kind of missed each other) and so she suggested we meet up. 

The general routine is that she'll blather on about the amount of sex she’s having with a whole staple of guys and girls she may be involved with, going into vulgar detail about how she likes it rough, and while the whole thing may seem interesting from a 3rd person perspective, it honestly just make you feel like crap. I mean, why ain’t she fuckin’ me? You pretty much feel like the gay friend. full stop.

Though our relationship is unique from all her others. Put simply, she has two kinds of friends. Everyone else. Then me. I’m not really part of her life and she isn’t really part of mine. Everyone else, she fucks. Me, well… she just tells me about it. Yet it’s not that shallow. We talk about her concerns, her life, her thoughts, her feelings etc. all the things she cannot do with the other end of the spectrum. 

Whenever I talk with her, I have to consistently remind myself that I’m not an actual part of her life. Otherwise I'd get depressed over what could be considered the ‘ideal outcome’ of sex followed by even more sex. I’m simply the keen observer, which is so incredibly hard to do when being bombarded by her sexual exploits, like how she passed out from being fingered so magnificently well. You sort of ask yourself, why can’t I be doing the fingering? Always detach. 

The trade-off in our relationship is that she tells me all the things that she doesn’t generally tell her partners. I feel exclusive in that sense, so I almost feel like the gatekeeper to her tales; the vision her subjects cannot see. There’s an evil catch that her so-called 'victims’ will have to suffer, the outcome that I thankfully have merit to know. I mean, everyone is going to suffer in the end (largely indirect), however without foresight, they’ll probably be hit the hardest, emotionally, assuming they even care at all. It helps to be the journalist, you know. 

There’s no love between us. No sexual tension and when I think about it, a weak friendship at best. She reminds me a lot of my past best friends before we had our falling out. I mean, I really don't know what she gets out of me and I have no idea what I get out of her. However there’s almost this mutual attachment we share. I think it’s because I’m funny and that’s the value I add to her life. She says she doesn’t really know anyone funny like me, which is entirely understandable.

Maybe I only hang out with her because I’m desperate for affection. Pretty much my favorite thing to do with her was to cuddle, even though it was a far-cry from any solid sexual activity. Yet each time we met up, it would become less and less. I don’t even think we touched each other that night, not even a brush. I didn’t even bother to anticipate it. Talk is the game we play, perhaps unwillingly. 

The thing is, her life is kinda fucked up and my dose of perspective and humor is something that she appreciates. So I can make her laugh, but I can’t sexually please her. Oh dear haha. Though the more I think about it, the more I begin to question as to whether maybe it’s a power thing for her ego.

Maybe it’s because she’s the girl I lost my virginity to and maybe she uses it to torment me over the amount of sexual activity she’s been getting lately, whereas I’ve been getting none. A dominance thing portrayed by a bunch of silly mind games. Though honestly, it doesn’t bother me at all. I’m not insecure about myself in that way, even if it is conscious. On the other hand, sometimes I feel that she’s trying to prove a point to me. That maybe she can be normal, whatever that may entail. 

The very idea of her existence made me feel inadequate as a human being, but then the reality of the situation shined through. I felt bad about myself sexually, because I was comparing myself to her own, twisted standards. Just because she’s into rough sex, doesn’t mean that every single girl out there is into rough sex. For all I know, she could be terrible at sex and that she in fact needs a guy who’s so amazing as to make up for her inadequacy? There’s no point comparing.

That’s what I never understood with her. She would always describe sex as if it were a one way street, when really it’s a concerted effort. It was always, he pleasured me amazingly or this felt amazing, but it was never really like, I gave him the best orgasm, if you know what I mean. It never seemed to be her fault. So now I fail to see her as anything special. Everyone is capable, it’s simply a matter of preference and technique. 

I used to really envy her and I’d become highly jealous of her life. But after that night, something changed within me. I now realise that her lifestyle isn’t particularly healthy, nor a fulfilling way to live. She told me how she’d only ever loved one guy in her life and how she’d never be able to love anyone again in the same way. She didn’t even believe in love until she’d met that guy for the first time. How she would have sex to orgasm and little else. I fail to forget that she’s actually not a typical human being. That she doesn’t experience, nor view things, within the same way that most people do. I think she struggles deeply with her existence and not in a good way. Magical, but twisted.

Now I only wish her the best of luck. What else is there really to offer to something so… broken? I appreciate her for what she is, but when you actually critically look at what you’re dealing with, you realise how easily it is to overlook the complications, for the sweet icing on top. 

I don’t think we’re ever going to hang out again. I’m not sure if could do it to myself, especially considering that she’s not into me sexually. She feels like a detached friend at most. It’s almost like, you have so many other warm, welcoming and accepting friends in your life who actually appreciate your company on a more complex and relatable level… why spend it with her? It’s simply the desperation in my head.

It’s only the element of magic that keeps us going; the very magic I am not at liberty to discuss.