---
id: "59381761375"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "dance."
summary: "dance."
date: "2013-08-26 09:08:00 GMT"
slug: "dance"
state: "published"
tags: "dance,clubbing,concerns,girls,life,women"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtJRSLV"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59381761375/dance"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Anyway, I seem to have picked up a new hobby. Let’s call it dance. I was doing it before and I’ll be doing it again; all in my small room of subtle comfort. Given the appropriate amount of time to tamper and live, I would condense that sucker down into bite-size pieces and dance till the edge of time. I pretty much plan on going clubbing every weekend now, as it’s probably the best thing to have happened to my life, thus, far. Yes, this is coming from the most retardedly introverted person I know: Myself. 

Oh, and please don’t get me started on all those wonderful biddies in short skirts. You spend so much time trying to impress women over other mediums, that you realise it was as simple as going to a club all along. Scantily clad sluts in tight dresses? Oh, yes, please. Let’s cut straight to the chase here babe, because my eyes are melting from your leopard calling… 

The whole process is so easy, that you could almost call it delusion. You say something meaningful, introduce yourself, act all cute n’ fuzzy and the rest is history. Women aren’t difficult. It’s only the insecure ones that’ll put a spanner in your works. I’ll approach anyone who seems interesting enough, however it’s a dangerous game. There are a few gang types and while introducing myself to one particular person, was confronted with the whole “Don’t you know who I am?” treatment. Always play dumb. It’s never worth getting your head beaten in, especially if you’re a massive pussy like I am. Smooth-talking is my real skill, so stand behind as I pretend to act fun-drunk in front of a bunch of pissed-off angry types.

If you haven’t been clubbing before, don’t worry. I know exactly where you’re coming from. I thought it would be lame, including the other thousands of concerns that may have also crossed your mind. Yes, I hate people as well, prefer being alone blah, blah, blah. But if you deny yourself what could be the greatest experience of your life, then you’re only denying yourself the brevity of your own happiness. 

What I truly don’t understand, is the 50%+ of people who simply stand there and do nothing. Half the people are on their phones and it’s almost disgusting. Why even bother going to these kinds of establishments if you truly loath the experience of smutt and loud music? I guess peer pressure is a significant factor. Though if you look at life through the eyes of a standard bell-curve distribution, more than 50%+ of people are below helpless, irregardless of the scene.

One thing I discovered is that you don’t really need to go with friends. I was initially going to head off alone, but a recently acquainted friend had invited me over with his friends and so I decided to tag along with the gang. You can’t really compare the two experiences, because they’re two different things. I probably would have preferred going alone, as that would have allowed me to explore the night a little more by myself. However it’s like comparing LSD with shrooms. It’s pointless and judgmental. 

So no, I’m not there for the women. I’m there to have a good time and to dance. Yes, I do hope on hooking up with a bunch of cute girls who aren’t too shameful about their sexual tastes, however my intention is really just to be friendly and meet new people. That’s all. Pussy is an amazing tool, but that’s not what life’s about. 

Dance. You must dance.