---
id: "61200613318"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "death."
summary: "death."
date: "2013-09-14 13:35:00 GMT"
slug: "death"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,death"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru-rp-6"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61200613318/death"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

It’s difficult thinking about death, let alone imagining it, because death is a sort of illogical conundrum, that creeps infinitely into darker shades of black. There are no certainties in this universe, only the incomplete fragments of anecdotal evidence lingering within our minds. The plague that infects our bias. The very images flashing before our eyes, showing no signs of mercy, as they give false hope to our non-existence. What are the memories of our time, but a bunch of lopsided dreams with no sense of shame? I guess that’s why I have such a fascination towards mind-altering drugs, because they bring us closer towards the very boundaries of illogical itself. It calls for your name and yet there you stand, cowering like a little girl, because the stream of consciousness you once beheld as true, is now collapsing onto the floor and into the carpet, as an array of deep purple. Psychedelics presume your best and worst fantasies, encouraging the illogical to prance to life, including the very stillness we fear. 

To experience death, is to reassure ourselves of what we don’t know. People are naturally worried about their own existence, in particular our own ego and what will remain of our past once we are gone. Ever since my first trip into the unknown, I can happily say that the very fear I once challenged, no longer worries me to tantalizing titillation. You realise that life is so vast in it’s possibility, that only the light traveling through your body could possibly seize the opportunity to rip your paradigm apart, dispersing it into an area so large, that only fate itself could piece you back together, into a soul you now no longer recognise…

Words are fun because they’re structurally logical, yet entriely illogical by nature. Look at the 500 pound cat, as it wavers across the sky. As a writer, you are already dead. All you need is the confidence to tell tales.