---
id: "60626197478"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "Devon."
summary: "Devon."
date: "2013-09-08 07:54:00 GMT"
slug: "devon"
state: "published"
tags: "irony,Devon,women,pussy,abuse,shit guy,opinionated,fuckwit"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruTcblc"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60626197478/devon"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

Despite the brash exterior and constant murmur, I’m actually an incredibly soft person by nature. I’m all talk baby, it’s what I do. I could never hit anyone back even if they’d already hit me, especially if it were by accident. I don’t get unnecessarily aggressive. I’m kind, willing to listen, empathetic and I’m not going to tell you you’re wrong etc. 

(Oh and trust me, with all these uninformed and clearly hypocritical opinions on the election going around, I’m just about ready to sucker-punch every single one of the people I follow on Tumblr, straight in the jawline, but I shut my little trap and respect freedom of speech. Want to talk about real irony, Murdoch should be your hero.)

The problem in being compassionate to a large degree, is that some people take it for granted and even treat it as a weakness on your own behalf. They think you’re stupid. Weak. Yet what they don’t realise, is that I’m simply not stupid enough to play their game. I’m the bigger man and whenever anyone misjudges you via their own arrogance, it immediately gives you the advantage. 

I remember not too long ago, I was with my 16-year-old friend and he got invited to one of his 16-year-old parties (oh please don’t ask me how I got involved). Anyway so I’m at this thing and there’s a couple of people I know. There’s this one guy at the party; let’s call him Devon. Well, because his name is Devon and he no longer garners my respect, so no anonymity on my behalf. Consider it a lost privilege, from a man (note: child) with no integrity to his word. A name and shame if you will.

A bit of context: Devon is the kind of the person who if you gave him the option to either have a great time with mates or the worst time with a girl, he’d still rather hang with the girl, at the very prospect of sex. The only thing Devon is concerned with is pussy; he cares very little about his own friends. In fact, that’s why he no longer has any friends. Fuck it. Let’s just use this as an excuse to talk about how much I hate Devon.

When he was younger he was lynched by a bunch of teenagers and beaten up. Ever since that event, he now becomes incredibly paranoid at night and he won’t even walk out at night. But it WAS night and we WERE walking, so he didn’t have a choice. He does this hilarious thing where he’ll shout out ‘car’ whenever he sees headlights from down the road and he’ll then immediately walk onto the pathway, even if it’s a good 300 metres away.

Whenever he gets a phone call from a girl, his personality does a complete 180. He turns into the biggest, most cutesy faggot, as if the only thing going through he head, is the future prospect of sex. Let’s not forget that he’s a massive freeloader. He’s in so much debt that it makes him anxious and personally the friend I was with, said he’d spent thousands on him just via the small things, like lunch etc. The worst thing about this, is that he actually has some money on him. Only he spends it purely on himself or on other women and now you get gist why he’s just a complete cunt.

So we’re at this party and Devon is being a massive prick to me. He’s even going out of his own way to be a fuckwit. In fact, let me describe the hilarity of what a 16-year-old party is like. There were maybe six guys and I was with my friend and our intention was just to chill and smoke bongs outside, I cared not of the others.

These three girls are set to come in at a later stage. One of them is already girlfriends with a guy and this other girl is pretty much Devon’s target, with this third girl just by herself. Devon and the other one have already had sex together and it’s pretty much guaranteed they’re gonna be fucking tonight. She was an easy, easy target. 

Let me describe the prior weirdness. The guys cracked out a bit of porn like it’s some kind of 'cool ritual’ and they all started acting like a pack of zoo animals. I’m sitting down on the floor freaking out and Devon’s grinding/tea-bagging me as if it’s some kind of dominance thing and I’m just like dude… really? Afterwards I’m in the kitchen and Devon comes over and tells me something along the lines of: “Listen, I may have told these girls that you’re 23-years-old and that you’re a pedophile.” What. The. Fuck. 

I was just about ready to smack him one in the face, but then I thought, fuck it. You can keep your disrespect but you’ll never get anything from me within your lifetime. Cause you know, I’m 20-years-old. If he wants drugs, if he wants anything a 16-year-old wants, you’ll get nothing from me. It’s funny because he’s clearly a suck up. He likes all my facebook posts, even though he quite clearly cannot relate to nor understand any of them, because he’s about as smart as a stillborn rock. This is the very same guy who wants to get tabs off me, when he doesn’t even have any money! It’s like I couldn’t even rip him off if I wanted to! 

I’m very much the journalist in these situations, which is why I love them. One guy did this thing on his phone where you could take pictures constantly. No joke, he’d taken more than a thousand selfies of himself, as he was dancing around and being a little crazy. It’s funny to see how these kids interact. They’ll get their phones out, take pictures of themselves to several duck-face poses, quite unnaturally. I’d earlier ripped them off with a bottle of vodka. They gave me $50 and I bought them a $29 bottle of something claiming the rest XD

You could tell that all Devon wanted to do was fuck this girl. He was all over her and it almost felt like she just didn’t really… care? It kind of looked like her only purpose in life, was to get fucked by somebody. No ambition. No sense of self-worth, just another body to be fucked. As long as she was getting fucked, contentment would be her existence. I mean, obviously the reason Devon lied about me was so that I couldn’t interfere with his plans, though I was more pissed off at the fact that I’d even hit on a 16-year-old. 

I felt like he was trying his best efforts to kick dick me the entire night, to inflate that little ego of his to the point of exploding. He’ll do this thing where he’ll fart on you or even worse, comment on my age so that I really stand out and feel awkward. But I was like fuck it. I’m bigger than this tard and I’m really just here for my friend, so I’m not going to let him ruin it. There was this one instance where all of the girls and two of the guys (Devon included) were in this sofa bed. We were all watching this movie and of course Devon shouts out to me that I should join the other girl on the sofa and keep her company. Oh wait, me? The 23-year-old pedophile? Yeah, keep dreaming fuckwit. It’d be a real shame if I raped her, you know, being a pedophile and everything.

Devon does it because he knows he can get away with it. You can’t hit a 16-year-old, though my friend says he owns an illegal gun license purporting him to be 18-years-old. So the next time I see him, me and my friend are gonna king-hit the fucker square in the jaw. Though he no longer bothers me in the overall scheme of things. He’s incredibly stupid, he has no future prospects and apparently he’s really depressed now because that the girl no longer likes him. Suck a fat-one faggot. 

You have compassion and then you have Devon. The two are simply incompatible.