---
id: "59676964544"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "eclectic."
summary: "eclectic."
date: "2013-08-29 13:07:00 GMT"
slug: "eclectic"
state: "published"
tags: "image,reflection,life,me,habits"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtb1ZR0"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59676964544/eclectic"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I don’t spend a lot of time writing about my own life on this blog. It’s because I write it all down on my smart phone during the day and I like to keep my thoughts instantaneous and fresh. I can’t stand repetition, especially when wit and free thought becomes your life’s dedication. It’s not that I haven’t anything interesting to say, it’s just that widespread publication gets second preference to self-discovery. I don’t live to see these words smile. I enslave them to form meaning. Meaning the world will never know. 

I’m an intellectual in the sense that I cannot remain idle. I’m physically passive, though intellectually aggressive. I feel that I always have to be tinkering with my mind, whether it be through comprehension via reading, practicing my ear training or simply writing. I must always be toying with logic. I cannot allow my sense of purpose develop feeble habits. I need to delegate with the cogs in my head, because survival is the precedent I paradigm. The challenge I seek to dictate. 

It’s weird, because I have this obsession with my reflection. If given the opportunity in public, I will almost always look back at myself, as if shrouded by some kind of illogical sickness. I think I do it to remind myself of who I am. That I am of higher awareness, though ultimately equal in quality. It demonstrates that I’m more than just instinct, that I am in fact, the arbiter of control in my realm of observation. 

What’s truly odd though, is that I don’t particularly pay attention to my features. It’s never really occurred to me before, but I noticed today that I have quite an athletic build. I’m very lean and muscular. Definition, certainly. Though I don’t care, because I view my body as an extension to the circulation of my mind. The rest is just humble collaboration. 

My biggest problem with Tumblr is that I’m ultimately disingenuous to the purpose of self-expression. I am nothing more than a bunch of impressive words. There is no depth to my desire. No tragedy to grasp. I am merely here to make you feel good. To give false inspiration to my greedy, greedy ego. I have no purpose. I have no goal. What tragedy is there in being the perfectionist? 

Sure, I may be mired in delusion, however we all are jaded in our quest to remain sane. Or was it insane? It’s impossible not to have intellect without mental illness, because instinct is the element we all incessantly clash with. We are hesitant without our petty logic. Helpless without comfort. Mark my words. You will die.