---
id: "59730834094"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "excited."
summary: "excited."
date: "2013-08-30 01:23:00 GMT"
slug: "excited"
state: "published"
tags: "melbourne,trance,trak,excited"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErteF3Ak"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59730834094/excited"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I’m incredibly excited for tonight. I’m going with a friend (his first time clubbing) to the TRANCE ALL STARS event at Trak and it’s gonna be epic! 

Here’s the plan:

Get tickets off promoter friend at 3:30pm. 
Head back to my house with club virgin friend and smoke weed, chill, that kind of thing. Get crazy munchies XD
At around 7:00pm drop half a tab of 25i and smoke more weed. We might have to roll a joint for when we’re waiting in line ;)
Leave at around 8:00pm for the venue. Hopefully get inside before 10:00pm. 
Have the best time of our lives till 4:00am in the morning.
Convince a girl to give me oral sex. Confidence and charm, dear friend ;) 
Get home. Somehow. 
I’m betting that 90% of the people there are going to be absolutely fucked off drugs and it’s going to be the best thing ever! It’s my second time going out to a club scenario (I honestly don’t know why I didn’t start earlier) and I’m trippin’ balls just thinking about it! The first time I went clubbing (last weekend) I dropped three pills of MDMA and it whilst it was certainly fun, was a little too subtle for my liking. It provided a healthy dose of raw energy, however it lacked the sort of mind-fuck you want from an experience-type drug. Of course, you can combine the two and candy-flip! 

One tab of 25i is going to be PERFECT. If you haven’t listened to music whilst on 25i, then you’re missing out on the greatest sensation on earth. The last time I tripped (two weeks ago), it felt like my brain was having an orgasm (I mean that with no exaggeration) while listening to music and it was by far the greatest orgasm I have ever felt, period. I was only wearing headphones. 

Very little excites me in life anymore. So please, just shut the fuck up and play along to the tune of life’s disgrace.