---
id: "57240370064"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "failure."
summary: "failure."
date: "2013-08-03 11:58:00 GMT"
slug: "failure"
state: "published"
tags: "failure,perspective,success,experience,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErrJohkG"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/57240370064/failure"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Nothing really works out for me. Everything I do leads to failure, because apparently that’s the life I deserve. Failure to me is the crux of existence. It teaches you to have no expectation, no guilt, no grudge. It’s confidence magnified by your own shamelessness. It gives you perspective on life, on how to live and how to see through the shambles of perception. It allows you to appreciate life for what it is, as opposed to judging it like a control-freak maniac. 

Frustration, depression and emotion are temporary, and I move on very quickly to my next objective. Call it a sort of focus or clearheaded mentality. The only thing clouding my vision is my own ambition. Failure is the ultimate experience, and dealing with it is the very essence of life. I’m used to loss, it’s part of my everyday routine. You only need to look at my history of friendships, though I’m very good at earning new souls. 

People think failure is sad, but when you realise that life is inherently tragic, it almost compliments your actions. The main take away is that you don’t learn from success, only from failure. When you fail enough times, it no longer becomes failure. It just becomes an experience to learn from. 

And you know what happens when things work out for a change? It’s like going from zero to heaven. It’s amazing. But I’m only young, I’m sure there’s almost too much room for success.