---
id: "61289847340"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "flirt."
summary: "flirt."
date: "2013-09-15 09:24:00 GMT"
slug: "flirt"
state: "published"
tags: "seduction,personality,girls,flirt"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErv5ADei"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61289847340/flirt"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

For the past two weeks or so, I’ve been incessantly flirting with this really nice girl I like, and now, I sort of get the basic gist of what makes for a good flirt. It fundamentally comes down to constantly barraging each other with a selection of backhanded compliments, twisting and turning like a firework into the sky. One minute, telling them how they’re so very pretty. Another, calling them out for being a complete slut-bag. Then once all is said and done, playing it incredibly desperate to the very whim of their soul; repeating the various cycles until your heart’s content. By the time the firework explodes, you’re already in each other’s arms, celebrating the New Year Skyline. 

It’s about constantly improvising and keeping things interesting, which if you can manage to do over time, is really quite the miraculous feat. Though I think the whole thing is just a phase. I don’t see how two people can flirt forever, though I reckon I’m good enough to keep the ball rolling for a very long time. I mean, just look at the amount of crap I write. Words are my forte, not my bottleneck. The purpose of flirting, is to simply gauge where their intellectual level is at, relative to you. If you manage to flirt really well with someone, it’s because you both share the ways of thinking, which is really the basis of any functioning relationship. 

It all comes down to this concept of “neg”, which is one way of getting girls at clubs. Basically what you do, is you say something like: “I bet you have a really cute side, but you just don’t show it.” or something fucking stupid like that, which is like a compliment, but it’s also jaded. Obviously it sounds ridiculous, but it’s intended to be cute and a simple conversation starter to break the ice, at least in a real life situation, when you don’t have a screen to hide behind.

Flirting really is nothing more than maintaining a false sense of power struggle, which neither exists, nor has any real influence. But it’s designed to see how well you can play with each other’s chemistry. It’s a simple game, a game of words, that works like a toppling see-saw. How you play is irrelevant, because if you’re both being yourself, then well, presto - you’re doing it right. I know it’s tempting to be someone you’re, which I’m honestly culprit to, but it never works in the long run. 

It’s also important to understand the rhythm of conversation, which really is just a matter of practice. Attack, attack, attack, retreat. My friend was showing me how he flirted with this girl and it was quite entertaining. I think you’ll like it. Obviously they’re not very old and I’ve changed their names for the sake of anonymity: 

[12:07:43 AM] Jake: how pretty am I
[12:07:47 AM] Sarah: legit
[12:07:54 AM] Sarah: ahahaa kiddings fkn ugly as a dog.
[12:08:16 AM] Jake: no way!
[12:08:42 AM] Jake: your pretty as
[12:08:48 AM] Sarah: hahaha
[12:09:00 AM] Jake: no
[12:09:07 AM] Sarah: no?
[12:09:18 AM] Jake: dont laught at me
[12:09:24 AM] Jake: :P
[12:09:32 AM] Sarah: hahaah
[12:09:34 AM] Sarah: haahaaha
[12:09:35 AM] Sarah: ha
[12:09:41 AM] Jake: WANNA FIGHT
[12:10:18 AM] Jake: (highfive)
[12:10:23 AM] Sarah: 1v1 cunt
[12:10:29 AM] Jake: 1v1 me bro
[12:10:49 AM] Sarah: lets go
[12:11:08 AM] Jake: come on then’
[12:11:12 AM] Sarah: pussy out
[12:11:15 AM] Sarah: ohhhh
[12:11:20 AM] Jake: come on
[12:11:25 AM] Sarah: come
[12:11:31 AM] Sarah: fight me lets go
[12:11:34 AM] Jake: to scared are you
[12:11:41 AM] Sarah: :(
[12:11:41 AM] Sarah: hahaah
[12:11:44 AM] Jake: come on hit me
[12:11:46 AM] Sarah: nah ill live up to you
[12:11:57 AM] Sarah: touch me see what happens
[12:12:05 AM] Jake: come on hit me
[12:12:17 AM] Sarah: nah nah just touch me bro see what happens
[12:14:04 AM] Jake: naa naa dont do this you dont wanna do this come on i dare you just hit me
[12:14:36 AM] C: COME ON SWING BRO
[12:14:43 AM] C: SWING I DARE YOU
[12:14:45 AM] S: nah nah just touch me bro you’ll regret saying anythin!
[12:14:50 AM] C: ILL FUCKIN WRENCH YOU
[12:14:52 AM] S: FUCKINNG TOUCH ME
[12:14:58 AM] S: COME ON
[12:15:00 AM] S: I DARE YA
[12:15:07 AM] S: FKN FREE SWING

But the more you do it, the better you get at it and the more you can play around with being creative. Though really, the whole process is really just a guise to better understand the other person. Let’s not forget, flirting is a two way street. That’s also what makes it so special, that you both have to put in the effort to make it work. The worst thing is when it’s an interesting girl, but she just can’t be fucked putting down the words. Oh well. 

The reason why I love the whole notion of flirting so much, is because it’s purely intellectual, yet also relies on personality - the only tangible thing I own. It’s also becomes sexual once you get to a certain level of mutual understanding. Excellent.