---
id: "60344453135"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "french."
summary: "french."
date: "2013-09-05 07:39:00 GMT"
slug: "french"
state: "published"
tags: "cute,voice,french,talent,hot"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruCpqWF"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60344453135/french"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

There’s this girl in my class who’s quite obviously French. No, it’s not that I have a thing for European chicks (yes, I totally have this thing for European chicks) but it’s the simple fact she has the cutest accent, possibly ever. A French girl with a cute accent? No way! Of course, she’s good friends with the other hot opposite-gender European within the class (fuck the Swedes), so my best bet is to either slip in a cheeky grope on the way out or ninja star my number on a piece of paper towards her, knowing full well that my lack of hand-eye coordination would end up influencing said paper to do a quick 180, hitting the teacher instead - straight into his lonely, decrepit heart. I’d still tap that bald fucker. 

Now here’s the gist of where this post is going. When you think about it, irregardless of whether you’re hot or average, everyone’s face kinda looks gross. If you look at any one face long enough, it becomes this disturbing quest to locate anything even vaguely resembling the human condition. Is that a nose I’m looking into or am I staring into the abyss of a bad movie sequel? The point is, no one really looks beautiful. It’s simply of a matter of temporary perception and branding association.

A have a couple of incessant turn-ons and a cute voice is certainly one of them. Most likely because I’m a broadcaster and ever since I was I kid, I’ve had this obsession with my voice, where I’d talk to with myself for hours on end, while also pretending to be interviewed on late night talk shows. Don’t get me started on blushes. If you have a blush, I will fuck you straight out of the box. No questions asked.

Here’s the thing: a cute voice is something that needs to be developed. It doesn’t simply just happen, unlike breathing or anal. Take for example, my incredibly dry wit. I wasn’t born like this. I didn’t buy it from a store (specifically, a drugstore out in the country, from this small greenish bottle pricing in at $29.95). I studied this bastard till I could allow the one-liners to roll from my cheek. Personality traits are all talents that are developed over time. 

Some girls like to plaster their face with make up. Other girls wear old clothes and call it ‘indie’. Some guys bulk up to the point of becoming a floating circus. But people aka French girls who focus on the way they speak. Please take my one way ticket to paradise. Well, the ticket you technically own.