---
id: "60178352557"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "friends."
summary: "friends."
date: "2013-09-03 14:19:20 GMT"
slug: "friends"
state: "published"
tags: "friends,relationships,life,personality,video games,best friend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru2wCcj"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60178352557/friends"
noteCount: "6"
format: "html"
---

My best friend was 12 years old when I was a solid 19 years of age, only just last year.

I know that may seem odd to most people, but those were probably the best years of my life. In fact, it was almost the perfect relationship in some respects. We’d use to Skype consistently from when he got home from school to bed. We’d literally do nothing, but talk shit and make stupid comments all night. That was the basis of our relationship: shit talking. In fact, shit talking still remains my most favorite thing to do. Constant remarks of how I had sex with your dad, to illogically dumb insults, to the most silly arguments over keyboards. Zero emotional/intellectual depth. Just plain fun. 

He was the first friend I had, that I could almost relate to perfectly. All my other friends at the time, were friends because they were interesting or because we had some of the same interests, not because we could particularly relate to each other. In fact, I was basically the funny kid. That was my draw, yet it didn’t accurately depict who I was. 

What made this relationship work so well, was that he almost reminded me exactly of who I was when I was his age. All I used to do was sit in front of a computer and play video games. That was my life, yet I was never able to share that with anyone, not even my best friend at the time. In retrospect, he was probably the smartest 12 year old I’d ever met in my entire life. It honestly felt like I was talking to an 18 year old.

Here’s the remarkable thing. If it weren’t for this kid, I wouldn’t have met my best friend today. Actually, let’s go back to the very beginning. I’d just bought my relatively professional microphone for my computer (because I do media, radio, podcasting that sort of thing) and I have this habit of trolling people while playing video games.

So I’m talking in this game of L4D2 and I get chatting with this guy. Of course, L4D2 is a co-op game, so we almost decide to become partners. Obviously, things progress from there. After a while however, I felt like I needed change in my life. I was quite ambitious at the time and on top of the daily podcast, the youtube channel and everything in-between, I felt that he was beginning to drag on my lifestyle. So I told him we couldn’t talk anymore. 

Come 6 months later, it’s roughly summer and we get talking again. Only this time, he has this other regular friend within the call. Anyway, what ended up happening at some point, was that me and this other friend, made the collective decision to ditch this 12 year old. He was sort of beginning to annoy us and I was actually liking this other guy more. Maybe I was starting to mature. Who knows. 

Same gist, different guy. Shit talking, you name it. However we also shared the same values and at least there was a bit of depth in our conversations. The thing with the other guy, was that he didn’t do anything but play video games, so the whole idea of our conversations seemed lame. However with this other guy, at least there was the perception of purpose to our conversations. He had a girlfriend, he had a life to speak of etc.

It got to the point where we’d used to meet up every weekend and smoke weed. We did everything that best friends normally do (give or take drugs). We talk about everything, we share our lives with each other, but more importantly, we wanted to be with each other. To us it wasn’t about age. It was about the experience. Sure, we had different concerns, but that didn’t bother me. 

Though to be honest, the real reason why I wanted to be his friend, was the fact that I never had the typical “teenage experience” growing up. My teenage years were very jaded. I never really had any typical friendships. Via this friend, I felt like I was living the teenage years that were denied to me. He was very typical for a teenager and it feels good to have that perspective ingrained within me.

With all that said, I now realise how difficult it is to find good friends and more often than not, the process is completely random. I met guy at a job interview and he’s basically welcomed me into his family, only just recently. Thankfully, I have a solid set of friends I can rely on, though the more the merrier. 

If it’s one thing I’ve noticed about my life, it’s that everything seems to be highly temporary. I have a habit of making and losing friends, almost instantly. I mean, I’m not a bad guy or anything, nor am I difficult, it’s just about knowing who your true friends are and what you want out of life. More often that not, it takes a couple of months before realising that you probably shouldn’t have been friends in the first place. Though the process is becoming a lot easier for me, as the excitement of meeting people dies over time. 

Looking at my current repertoire of friends, not to mention the friends of my past, it almost seems as if I’ve managed to cover every single base. Though you keep looking, in the hope of finding something new. Variety is the crux that keeps you going.

The hard part is in finding a friend who’s willing to stay and share their life with you, let alone one with a sufficient personality to keep you interested. If everything is a statistical bell-curve with very few unique people, then I am almost too grateful for all the wonderful people I’ve met. 

So thank you for everything. Fuck. Then you sort of realise you have another 60-80 years to go and you somehow have to keep that interesting. ugh, I’ll figure it out.