---
id: "61197948066"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "girl."
summary: "girl."
date: "2013-09-14 12:49:00 GMT"
slug: "girl"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru-hfIY"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61197948066/girl"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

So there’s this girl I really like and I think she likes me as well. The problem with our situation, is that we live so far away from each other, that even in the best of scenarios, we’d still most certainly have to plane it over, which I find quite… peculiar. She’s amazing in almost every aspect and I couldn’t be more grateful, even if I tried. I’m not sure if it’s quite love, but the whole thing just works. It feels like we’re seasonal lovers, floating in amongst the stars. Though I really have no idea, because it’s still too early to say.

Here’s the thing: I have the house free for a good month or so and my plan was to have her live at mine, so we can do kinky stuff and fool around. Unfortunately, I also realise she has other commitments i.e. her job and so practically speaking, she won’t be able to stay for very long, if only for a couple of days over the weekend. 

You have to understand peeps: It’s almost impossible to find a girl who’ll ever like me, let alone give me the opportunity. I’m not a consumerist in any sort of generic way and in a society where culture/meaning is but a purchase away, I have nothing to offer to a majority of people. I don’t watch any TV shows, movies etc. and I’m not a fine purveyor of music. In fact, I don’t really give a shit about most things and personally speaking, I find most girls dull and self-defeating. Stimulate my brain bitch. Talk to me. Be witty. Anything. In fact, that’s the one problem most my guy friends have: They want smart girls who can think outside the box, but they just ain’t existin’ yo’ll. All I have is a strong personality and let me tell ya, it’s a hard fucker to sell. Basically, my chances of finding a person to like me, let alone a girl (with a vagina I might add), is honestly zero. nil. 

So as you can imagine, she’s absolutely amazing by anyone’s standards and it honest feels like I’ve won first prize at the county fair. I honestly don’t know why girls insist on making it so hard, though I really don’t care at this stage. Fuck em’. This guy beat the odds and he still don’t know how.

Now the obvious problem with this kind of relationship, is that the ordeal of living so far apart, costs HEAPS of money. The plane ticket n’ all that jazz. Yet it’s also what makes the whole thing so special. The idea that you’re willing to go to all this effort, just to be with another person. Since we’re not easily accessible, the situation then becomes incredibly exclusive. The cost, time and effort required to make it happen, while seemingly frustrating at it’s midst, actually enhances the experience for me.

God I hope she decides to come to Melbourne, which she says, could be roughly a month away. I’m thinking once uni is finished, I can take leave from my job (I’m only a casual anyway) and go to where she is for a good while longer.

I think the best thing about sex, is not so much the direct consequence, but rather the indirect consequences stemming for that. I really want to stop masturbating, because I don’t think it’s particularly healthy and it certainly ruins sex for me. However the only way to get me to do that, is to have reassurance that I’m going to get laid. It’s a vicious cycle. Though now, I can rest assured. 

I’m excited, though incredibly impatient. So instead of bitching over what life could be, I shall embrace the experience for what it is. I dare you to give me a choice.