---
id: "58126799051"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "happy."
summary: "happy."
date: "2013-08-13 05:19:00 GMT"
slug: "happy"
state: "published"
tags: "happy,sad,emotion,feeling,experience,comfort,waste,depression,pain,time,beautiful"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErs8e93B"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58126799051/happy"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I don’t like being happy. Well, obviously I enjoy it, but it’s not a priority in this universe of multiple dimensions. I would argue that there are almost too many things to be happy about, though it really is just a matter of perspective. Nothing is inherently happy, because observation is a bias. Happiness is my comfort zone, my permanent state of being. I see no point in spending an entire life happy, it would be a waste of experience. A waste of one’s time here on this earth, an earth so unforgiving. A mechanism with no words.

You want a variety of emotions throughout your lifetime: depression, anger, desperation, anxiety etc. otherwise you may as well be dead: the permanence of always being happy. I just happen to be well off and appreciative. I used to spend my time trying to find ways to make myself unhappy. I think it was subconscious, however at this stage of my life, is a little too taxing for my liking. You could say I temporarily gave in, but I know I’ll be back. I want the deprivation, I want the hurt. The suffering that stands pretty.

Happiness is the emotion I least associate with, because there’s no challenge in being happy. It sort of just lingers like a beautiful perfume. Where’s the emotional depth? Where’s the description? It only goes towards serving your own ego, the pretense we all want to fuck. Happiness is a disease, and it’s a real shame many people do not have the privilege of this common sickness. Thankfully I’m in the position that I can abuse it, treat it like dirt and flirt with it’s lesser emotional cousins. 

Time is effort. Effort is pain. The more ways you can distort time, the better your pain will react. Will you dance with me?