---
id: "61014930730"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "impress."
summary: "impress."
date: "2013-09-12 11:13:00 GMT"
slug: "impress"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,girls,words,relationship,impress"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruqnVKg"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61014930730/impress"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I feel sorry for the girls who like me, all naught of those hopeless broads with no aspiration other than to seek their own deprivation; the externality they crave. A concoction of confused souls, ever-so mildly attracted to the array of seemingly deranged writers who enjoy the fondling of grammar like some kind of dyslexic Wack Pack trio. "I apologise for filming your daughter there, but now I must run. In particular, away from you.“

I mean, obviously these are just words but you must ponder upon (ey!) the kind of fool who would sit in such comfort, the brewing of one’s own diligence, behind this grotesque screen of scroll, scroll, scroll, that objectifies seemingly dire smut into an encouraging lexicon of it’s own constituents. Oh, look how cute it is to see the extremities of your own existence, curl up into a fetal expression of your own tears and shame. The naughty corner has never looked so "shine”. These are the unfortunate dreams of unwanted children’s past into yonder, to become part of the twisted process of denunciation. The Eskimos sure wouldn’t be proud. 

I doubt there are even girls who share my same way of thinking, let alone my own dumb interests. Supposedly I’m not irrational enough to enjoy the company of a moving set of frames, as it captures the mind of it’s own idleness. If you can find a woman with an exquisite sense of philosophical meta-understanding, then I will most certainly part with some sort of reassurance to the quality of my own loneliness. Obviously however, my one and only path to redemption has been to cater myself towards the simplicity of others. If the prices are down, so shall my agreed value. Though I question whether that would be healthy within the long run. I’d probably ending up shouting into a cup of my own misery. I figure I have a better chance simply existing as myself, seeing as I have no chance at all. 

I have this inherent desire to try and impress girls, by being the fool I am not, because I know that if I don’t, I’ll have no chance in hell of getting laid. Girls aren’t interested in sitting around in pointless circles, to discuss the truth plaguing their realm and how it relates to their own well-being. There is no sexy in asking questions, only a frustrating combination of ego fucking and in the self-esteem they dearly lack. All they want is to have fun and be cutesy, which I cannot blame, nor provide. Actually, most certainly, coming from a guy who also acts cutesy out of simple rhetoric. I love being a quirk, I find it attractive in an odd sort of way, though the technique is in not being obnoxious. If you still do not know which one has the vagina, then you’re doing it quite wrong.

You know children, girls very rarely have to put on face to project their self-worth. They simply need a face to call their own. No one writes anymore, because everything worth saying has already been said before and these words, are just the personal extension of their welcoming grace. Though let’s be honest, written thought is a lost talent. Sure, I mean it’s possible that I write a little much in the grand scheme of things, however my dedication to the human race need not be purposeful. It’s complexity driven assurance. Allow me to be subtle. 

At the very least, I’d be happy for a girl to simply read my words, and is willingly interested in what I have to say, since art is my true appreciation. The fervor that life hopes to give. Pussy is great, but it’s also seemingly temporary. It’s much more difficult to relive memories, but these words will always be as robust as the day of their inception. If you love my words, then you’d more than assuredly love the puppet master pulling their strings. If you can sketch entire meanings into sentences that capture the essence of your jaded heart, then you can mostly definitely expect me to recreate them in all their entirety, to the intimate delicacy requires. 

Of course, you just have to love the girls who try to play mind games on you, like you’re some kind of spit dummy. I love any attempt to procure perception, because personally speaking, I breathe bullshit like it’s air. I’m not inherently stupid, even though my basic policy is to always play dumb. Honesty is the only thing that works for me, because I have a morbid curiosity to know everything about everyone. The hilarious thing is that they think you’re above your own judgement, which no ever is, nor will be. It’s always important to give them room to dig their own grave. 

I’m a writer because I live, not because I obsess over my own reality. Though there’s clearly very little I say about my own behavior. I am human. I have tales to tell. Please sit down and allow me to elaborate; there’s a lot these words can do, if you’re willing to hand over the time to your consciousness. 

PS: Sozza guys. ummm, bitches n’ shit? Yeah? Nice tits, hoe-looking thing. Hey babe, lookin’ good! Yo gotta fine ass, like a couple of dem dolla bills. ugh.