---
id: "60731052943"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "laid."
summary: "laid."
date: "2013-09-09 05:24:00 GMT"
slug: "laid"
state: "published"
tags: "life,sex,relationship,women,struggle"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruZsbEF"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60731052943/laid"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

The more I think about it, the more it occurs to me that the essence of my life is just a distraction from the very fact that I’m simply not getting laid. Written thought is the very last pillar of hope that chooses to shine free, before I enter some kind of irreversible tantrum of schizophrenic sexual misbehaviour. The rest is just pointless filler to preoccupy my perverted thoughts from going out into the wild, and seeking a countless number of imaginary females to rape and pillage. The thousands of crude-cut images of undressed women swarming within my mind, mingling together in a frenzy of smut, ready to burst-out straight into the pile of my own misery; hoping that it’ll buy me enough time to hit the floor, so I needlessly avoiding tripping into the sludge of insanity, now forever burning into my sickle skin.

Even my friends don’t excite me anymore. We’ll be hanging out and I’ll be thinking “How much better could this be if I was just pleasuring some girl instead?" I don’t know what it is, but there’s nothing really left for me to do in my life, but have sex. I mean, it was pretty shit the first time I did it and I never really got to explore the whole concept afterwards (though I did love the intimacy), so naturally as you can imagine, I’ve been devastated ever since. In fact, that was only one month ago. Idealistically I’ve already gone through my drug phase in life, however sexually, my adventures into the land of fertility have not been met. Now where the fuck did I plant this seed? 

I’ve already learnt everything I need to know in my life, which will in a worst-case scenario, carry me gracefully to my deathbed, crying only temporarily through the harsh winter months. I’ve spent many months, possibly even years, catering towards my political and philosophical views, understanding the very way humans interact, cheat and lie, almost possibly out of my own strangled fear. I fulfilled my media aspirations to a large extent and now life seems to have very little else to offer. It’s like I’ve prepared myself purely for death. A few years ago, I didn’t even think about women. I cared less about getting laid. I had more important things to do with my time, like invent culture or cultivate friendships. Now it feels like a severe case of Armageddon gone wrong in my head. 

I have very little to actually offer to women. I’m extraordinarily nice n’ interesting and all that, but isn’t everyone to some extent? I’m fun and often daring to be around with, but that isn’t my main draw-card. The only thing that really makes me stand out, which I’ve been told is something a lot of guys don’t have, is that I’m really, really funny. I have this ability to make people laugh and feel good about themselves, in a genuine sort of way that doesn’t feel cheap. I make people feel exclusive and special, like we’re both in on something. In fact, this really is the draw for all of my friendships: A little thing I call personality. 

That notion of personality really does lend itself to who I am as a person. I’m a smooth talker, a seductive, a romantic. I mean, I’m a massive pussy when it comes to sticking up for people and defending my manhood, but I’m amazing at talking my way out of just about anything. I have an immaculate sense of confidence in my words and in delivery of their conception, though very little else. As an intellectual, that’s all I really have to offer. My fucking personality. It’s all in my head and nowhere else. I’m very much a Howard Stern type figure. I’m all talk and trust me, I’m brilliant at talk, but the substance can be quickly shut off if you pay enough attention to the illusion I craft to it’s perfection. Let’s be honest: My penis just ain’t big enough. 

What can I say though, I’m simply a writer with a knack for describing the experience that weighs 5000 tons above my head. All because I love these words more than my own well-being. Most of what’s left in the lottery for the 1st prize, including the lost pieces of my mangled heart, remains so tightly knit within my false sense of expression, that clearly of sentiment needs comfort in the company of my twisted grammar. I am the false sense of imagination you caress. 

Maybe it’s because I choose to be sober. Yes, that’s most likely my struggle.