---
id: "60619661712"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "night out."
summary: "night out."
date: "2013-09-08 05:55:00 GMT"
slug: "night-out"
state: "published"
tags: "clubbing,socialising,going out,extrovert,friends,experience"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruTDg6G"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60619661712/night-out"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

For me the important reason for going out on weekends, is not so much enjoying the experience, but rather in understanding why I may not enjoy it and what I can do to improve on that. I don’t know what it is, but I find the whole thing redundant in many aspects.

I guess it’s an atmosphere thing. You go there for the atmosphere and then what you choose to do within that certain setting, is entirely up to you. I’m quite an intimate person. So while there’s nothing quite wrong with the club/bar atmosphere, I personally don’t see how it adds to my experience. So there’s music blasting in the background. So what? It’s just music, it’s not interesting or noteworthy like a girl getting stabbed on the dance floor. With that said, I wouldn’t mind a scenic walk or something along those lines. A musky haze with flashing lights isn’t beautiful, but nature can be and I’m very much the observer and appreciator when it comes to these situations. I usually get more enjoyment talking about something, than the actual thing itself.

With that said, I get the perception that in order to have a good/better time, you need to be blind drunk or on some sort of drug. That I totally can understand, but here’s the thing: I really do think I’m over taking drugs. In fact, you could even say that I’m sick of being off my mind, almost every weekend prior to going out. I just want to be sober. Which then it begs the question of whether I should even be going out or not?

Now don’t get me wrong. I still occasionally love to have reality force colorful tubes and patterns down my throat, however it feels as if I’ve started going out at the completely wrong time in my life. As if I’ve already lived these exciting times alone and with my friends. Not to mention, drugs are intimate experience for me, an intimate association I’ve made in introvert situations. I don’t like having my mind altered in such busy situations. I don’t feel comfortable and I feels as if there’s no off button. No where to truly relax and just ease out. 

I don’t like the politics and the amount of effort that goes into producing a night out. I dress pretty scrabbly at the best of times. My hair is rubbish, my clothes are good enough to get in places, my shoes are these $2 pair of green Kmart sneakers that have holes in them. Yet I manage to get away with it. You see all these people in the most amazingly, flashy out wear and I’m just like… no thanks. I’d rather spend that money on actually doing the things I love or on the things I need, than appear the grand state of finesse on a night out. I’d rather have a girlfriend or at the very least, spend it with a good mate doing the things we love. 

The only thing I that I truly enjoy is to dance and even that gets tiring after a while. 

Here’s the thing. When I go out I want to be interested. I do believe that is the only reason I live, to be intellectually stimulated in some way. Going out to a club is hardly interesting to me, even once I’m talking to someone. It’s the same people with same wants and needs. The only people who truly stand out are the ones in gaudy attire, because they’re the ones who spent the most money and effort, which really is just flash over substance. Big deal.

Dare I say, clubs are generally uneventful. Some of my best weekends have been hanging out with my bunch of 15 year old drug addicts, being chased by cops, getting mugged, being constantly threatened by the people who call you ‘friends’, having crazy adventures tripping through out the night and the list goes on. That’s what I call excitement. Where’s the element of danger in a club? The whole thing seems incredibly lame. Who knows, maybe we just haven’t been to some of the more extravagant venues. 

Yet my biggest realisation, something which had occurred to me last weekend, is that I don’t need to go clubbing in order to have fun and enjoy life. I already enjoy life and have fun, irregardless of whether I go clubbing. The biggest problem in this aspect, is that clubbing seems like an extraordinary effort to have fun. If you don’t already have fun doing the simple things in life, then dare I say you’re doing it wrong. Nothing should inherently be 'more fun’ if you find everything in life 'equally as fun’. 

However I made a promise with my friend that we’re going to start going out every weekend now, however there’s gotta be something else out there for our tastes. Something social, but a little more… stimulating? What’s something that’s not clubbing/bars, yet is also involves going out? I guess we’ll have to figure something out. We probably will still go to a club, but we need some sort of other event thrown into the mix.