---
id: "61392464675"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "no fap."
summary: "no fap."
date: "2013-09-16 08:02:56 GMT"
slug: "no-fap"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,no fap,masturbation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvBHgiZ"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61392464675/no-fap"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

Unfortunately it’s going to be a very long time till I see my precious, most likely 40 days into the future, on a late October night, where she’ll finally arrive in Melbourne to the luscious hands of a lone stranger. Since I’m clearly perfect in every single possible way, I’ve pledged to stop masturbating until we see each other and it’s killing me. I think it’s been four days since (though I’m not counting), and all I can think about is poontang, dipped ever-so elegantly in a fine cream relish, sauteed in my own desperation. Bon appetit.

I’ve actually noticed that I’ve been subconsciously touching my penis. I’ll wake up and I’ll be dry humping the mattress like some sort of groggy troll, before realising my actions. But the whole thing is hard. So incredibly hard. Though the hardest things in life are often the most rewarding (I apologise for all the unintended sexual innuendo). I remember the last time I had sex with a girl, I struggled dearly to keep it up. I had a lot of difficulty and it felt like I was trying to resuscitate a dead fish, back from the afterlife. I honestly would’ve had a better chance amputating it. Even once it was in, there still didn’t seem to be a great deal of motivation to keep it going. Instantly I knew why, so please allow me to elaborate:

Traditionally prior to the rapid advancement of technology, guys would supposedly meet ~100 girls within their lifetime. You have to understand, there was no internet, no mass form of communication. If anything, it’d be friends of friends and nothing more. So of these women, some incredibly attractive, others less so and most seemingly average, guys would be subject to a rather typical sexual experience. Think in terms of a bell-curve distribution. 

Come present day and now via the internet, we have available to us an unlimited pool of STUNNING women to seek and explore over the internet, every single day, almost instantly at our own discretion. Not just a vague glance, but a full 60 minute observation of women having sex, most of it more intense than we’re likely ever to experience, all within a typical day. Because of this, people get a massive dopamine rush from porn masturbation, resulting in an unrealistic standard of sexual pleasure. It gets worse over time, because instead of traditionally having one women, you need multiple women to even feel anything; possibly touching your dick multiple times a day.

I can lay testament to this. My porn history in general, is just quite typical of most guys growing up in the 90’s. You start out with newspaper clippings, art magazines, online images, videos, then eventually more videos to quench your thirst. Honestly, whenever I masturbate, I need to flip through 10+ videos before I can come and it’s terrible. It skews your ideas of women, so that when you do get the opportunity to see a normal girl, it does nothing for your libido. Actually, that’s not quite true. I’ll still experience a strong sense of love and feelings towards the person, it’s just that sexually, they’re completely impervious to my mind. So really what in the overall scheme of things, it’s actually porn which is the main culprit, not masturbation. Though to simplify things, it’s best to stop altogether. 

In essence, I need to remove the association from my head that porn = pleasure and the only way is to do that is to go cold turkey. I need to slowly resensitise myself to humanity. From what I’ve heard, the first 20 days are great (assuming you’re having sex) then for some reason, over the next 20 days, your sex drive dies completely, which is where most people give up. Then after those initial 40 days, your sex drives rebirths and supposedly you become a sex god. Although scarily, your dead period can last for an indeterminate amount of time. I guess it depends on how desensitized you’ve become.

I remember the most I ever went without masturbation was three weeks, back when I was 16-years-old. That was a complete cunt, especially consider I was a teenager addled on the idea of big boobies and anything remotely pudgy. Recently I’ve been trying again, but you know, without the immediate motivation of sex, you’d complete a week of pure abstinence and then think to yourself, what the fuck is the point? But now that sex is pretty much assured at this point, I now have an incentive to remain focused.

In fact, I remember with that other girl, after I we’d had sex the first time, I’d promised to do the same thing and no joke, I didn’t even think about it once. Of course, the sex discontinued, which is why I jumped back on the bandwagon. But this current girl, we’re yet to even meet up or have sex at least once and the fact that it’s going to be 40 days away, doesn’t really help. So overall it really just feels as difficult as any other of my attempt. 

But you know what? Good things come to those who wait and imagine how good it’s going to feel after 40 days of no stimulation, to have sex (not masturbation, but sex) having been a porn junkie my entire life? This is on top of the various other benefits, which you can look up yourself.

Let’s put it this way. Masturbation after a week or so of no stimulation, feels better than a fucking heroin high. So to abstain after 40 days of masturbation AND have sex with a girl is… orgasmic ;)