---
id: "57025238027"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "oh dear."
summary: "oh dear."
date: "2013-08-01 02:14:00 GMT"
slug: "oh-dear"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,dilemma,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErr6_1GB"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/57025238027/oh-dear"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I do find it hilarious when people try to explain my dilemmas to me like I’m some kind of rock. Oh, I’m well aware of the corner I’ve backed myself into.

Apparently my “biggest gripe” is that I’m too honest, yet about as transparent as a block of lead. Apparently people don’t like to be played, though honestly, would you rather I lie about it just as every other guy does? And that’s the thing I can’t stand, how everyone is a coward to reality. Where the fuck is my eating disorder? Where’s my depression?

Though these issues stem down the fact that I’m unique. Everything about my life is special, down to the way I think. I’ve been offered to become a jock, art fag, nerd, musician etc. you name it. I impress people. It’s what do. I’ve almost had every opportunity thrown at me my entire life, literally. And you know what? I turned them all down so I could be myself. Most people buy the bait because they’re desperate, insecure. In fact, 99.99% of people already have. I never will. 

Generally how it works is that you become part of a sub-culture, you hang around people with common interests and this determines your status. I don’t have status, I only have myself. I’m anything and everything. Who on earth can relate to a perfectionist free-thinker?

My type don’t exist in society, because the objective humanity of society has been skewed to fit a bunch of lousy, unoriginal stereotypes. Until then, I’m just a floating tragedy on shaky wheels. Do I like it? You could say it’s just one big fuck around. Though really, what choice do I have? Sanity is my greatest enemy, because reality has no attachment…