---
id: "59564812119"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "persona."
summary: "persona."
date: "2013-08-28 05:43:51 GMT"
slug: "persona"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,persona,arrogance,writing,style,metaphor"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtULkTN"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59564812119/persona"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I like the persona I’ve created here on Tumblr. It’s slick. It’s anonymous. It’s personality with drabs of flicker, the hinted coercion of your mindless assumption, drenched in the fine liquor of your own salty reprehension. Delicious in a modest sense, yet almost completely foreboding to the love of your sudden attachment towards contemporary chic.

My writing isn’t pretentious. It’s an overwhelming concoction of style and feigned arrogance, all the way to the realm of metaphor and textual familiarity. The broken harpsichord tampers silently with the insanity we all lay prone to digest; the continual churning of your deadly sins. My charm is subtle in that it does not seek to invade your privacy, and if there ever was a bad taste in the collusion that took to high liberty, shall your incomprehension take lead to it’s subtle fatality, the memories and thoughts which linger within you like the copy-cat innocence deluding your very pain and existence. Take a step back son. The spotlight must observe your shame.

Yes, and if ever there was a thing that must be known about my own reality, it’s that my wit and retention extend beyond this screen of pixels and lies. Your petty smile. My jaded curse. I have a way with words, the indecent manipulation of logic through symbols and harsh baritone sentiment, blasting through the tunnel of your own self-proclaimed ignorance. Though what do I know. My life is far to innocuous to even pronounce.

There’s an overwhelming mystery to me, because I am fucking with your mind. Like a hit and run among the complacency of your own tinnitus; no one shouts rape but me. So am I real or just the master of false precession and hoodwink delight? Keep the farce a distance too far from the purpose you cry, and hope will jump out to smother you with the never-ending dissipation of your own sodomy…