---
id: "59968823869"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "popular."
summary: "popular."
date: "2013-09-01 12:50:00 GMT"
slug: "popular"
state: "published"
tags: "personality,scene,talk,socializing,popularity,attitude,friends"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtsQw8z"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59968823869/popular"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I don’t really care about popularity. I don’t fit in and I don’t have a scene. Most likely because a) I don’t care about being cool b) I don’t adhere to other people’s standards and c) I despise social barriers i.e. this idea of perception. People tend to follow streams of thoughts and ideas, but I am just myself and nothing else. 

Instead, I most rely on my personality to take command of the situation. That’s why I love to talk, because it’s the most effective way to convey personality, context, ideas etc. 

Now here’s the kicker. I’m sly in the sense that my personality is malleable. I generally study a person on the spot and then I’ll change it to suit their needs, in order to better relate to their world, so that they feel more comfortable in voicing their concerns and ideas. If I didn’t do it, I’d honestly end up trolling everyone and making insensitive jokes, because I’m just immature like that. 

This is the very idea of being a journalist. You get people to talk and express themselves. The overwhelming difference however, is that I’m not going to converse with people I don’t like. The way I see it, is that there’s no ultimate concrete personality, because everyone has a different experience to offer, which requires a different set of attitudes. 

I like a variety of different people. A lot of my friends are generally psychopaths, delinquents, tragics, comedians, artists, drug addicts, intellectuals, that sort of realm. People who are interesting and with intellectual depth, though I also have the complete opposite. Sometimes it’s just a plethora of dick jokes and impersonations. That’s why you need different attitudes towards different people. 

With that said, I choose my friends based on their qualities and traits, not for their particularities and tastes. Generally I like people who are non-judgmental, open and can take criticism. The rest is eye-candy. My best friend is literally the complete opposite to me. He’s a tradie, average in taste, isn't academically smart etc. But you know what? We honestly couldn’t be closer, because we share the same ideals and values. All my friends come from different backgrounds, but we all share the same universal idea of acceptance.

Though there are a few problems that can arise from being open and honest. I think one of the reasons why some people don’t like me, is because more often than not, I ask questions that touch certain nerves. I like to talk to people about their insecurities and problems, the very problems they intend to hide. Some people get touchy when I ask them about certain habits, because they refuse to be self-aware. In other words, they’re in denial. 

If you aim to treat life as one big learning process, you’ll slowly begin realise that it comes down to being self-aware and honest. Once you’re at that stage, then you can aim to make improvements on your life, if you so wish. In a sense, I am almost the true definition of indie. The problem with contemporary indie, is that while it is alternative, the concept still derives from a relatively common stream of thought. It is still a form of widespread culture, as opposed to something unique. 

Honestly, whatever floats your boat.