---
id: "59346407059"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "postings."
summary: "postings."
date: "2013-08-25 14:00:00 GMT"
slug: "postings"
state: "published"
tags: "clubbing,spilled ink,writing"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtHKawJ"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59346407059/postings"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So I wrote this massive post about how I had the best time clubbing on MDMA, and then about the following Saturday in my struggle to keep pulse. But eh. Poetically speaking, my wall of text was a mid-life crisis of dodgy shambles and poorly constructed sentiment. Let’s play Jenga with knives. No one wants to read my thousand word journey (note: plural) of technical jargon and bitch, bitch, bitch. They want glamour and shine, the ignorance of metaphor and decline. 

I stood up in a frail daze, stumbling towards the door in a complete frenzy of agony and pain; grasping onto the impulsive disfunctioning of my heart to the tune of death’s whim. A cough of blood splattered to my mercy; the air suffocating my senses into small, one-dimensional waves of lost hope. There in the mirror stood the pale man ever-so delirious in his own presence. How can life suffer so much when it’s only purpose is to provide insight; the very mechanism fucking your conscious? 

Like a ton of bricks, the great wonder of my own existence fell towards the floor, breaking through the matter into mere conglomerate. One thousand times per second, my vision broke out into speed of light, becoming light itself; the dissipation our universe calls love.

The time I intended to share. Kiss me. My delirious.