---
id: "60225861462"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "purpose."
summary: "purpose."
date: "2013-09-04 01:01:00 GMT"
slug: "purpose"
state: "published"
tags: "words,writing,purpose,motivation,meaning"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru5lRTM"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60225861462/purpose"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I think I’ve hit that point in my life where purpose has become a struggle to dictate. Zero motivation. Zero direction. Existing only to serve the vague memory of my own temporary consciousness. Maybe it’s because I tried too hard? It wasn’t like this a few months ago. Now I feel as if there’s nothing new, nothing quite exciting enough to bring me through this fog. 

My motivations have change quite radically since I left high school. Believe me when I tell you I was incredibly motivated and ambitious. Initially it was about fame. I did get it to an extent, however it’s hard to appreciate how shallow and meaningless it is until you obtain it to some degree. It’s a terrible form of purpose, only existing to feed your own false ego. Then after a while, it became a matter of integrity. I wanted to help people, I wanted to educate and change lives. Of course, social charity is always going to be a losing battle. What motivation is there without fame, without demand?

Then it kind of transitioned into knowledge seeking. I loved to learn new things, new ways of doing things, the discovery of oneself. Anyway, what happens is that you end up learning everything useful/interesting and then you’re ultimately back to square one. I could happily talk about global politics/finance, history, health/diet, music theory, stupid trivia, philosophy n’ all that for hours. Which you do end up doing, until you realise that it all comes down to a very limited concepts every single time, which almost destroys the very essence of discussion. There is no requirement in knowledge. 

I think it then came down to women and sex, which is sort of where I’ve been for the past month or so. At least that’s what my friends said would inevitably happen. But is it really what I want in life? Maybe I just need a girlfriend? Rather, do I really have a choice when it comes to choosing my purpose, or is it just a bunch of chemistry fucking with my circumstance? I can only trust my instinct for survival.

So here I am, stuck within this void of living. I used to have a lot of passions, but now they are hidden in among the mess. Not forever, I hope. I know I still have a lot of living to do and that I’m a very capable human being. I’m smart, I have connections, I’m privileged. It’s just that have no focus in life, no ambitions to grasp onto. Ideally, the sane man would be content with merely existing. Yet that is almost how I feel and it is the most horrible of feelings. 

I wouldn’t say I’m depressed. It would be difficult to argue that life has never been better, yet maybe that’s the problem? Possibly destitution is the best way to live? I think I am almost too content with my life. I have too much of everything, too much abundance and very little to appreciate. TIME HAS NO VALUE TO ME. In the past, I valued time more than my own well-being. Now I treat it like dirt.

Though change isn’t difficult. It’s literally as simple as doing something different, as stupid and as minuscule as it may be. Change; I have no qualms with. It’s my specialty, to innovate and enact. But without purpose, which I would almost consider a sickness, leaves you paralyzed by your own will to live. 

Nowadays, all I really have are these words to keep me sane. At least writing is a skill I can take with me into the afterlife… though we’ll see once this fever goes away. That should definitely change my outlook on life.