---
id: "60741928601"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "red pill."
summary: "red pill."
date: "2013-09-09 10:02:00 GMT"
slug: "red-pill"
state: "published"
tags: "red pill,truth,journalism,drugs,hero"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruaW4QP"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60741928601/red-pill"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I used to live a very Hunter S. Thompson lifestyle. I would only say similar and not direct, because while my views are equally as radical and borne from a world of turbulent hatred, I seem to have been a bit more sensible on the drug side of things. In fact, it was hardly the drug use that made him into the perceived wacko that haunts our minds. It was rather his crusade to retain the integrity of his heart. The drugs were simply a selling point. I find it hilarious when people try to imitate Hunter S. Thompson, simply because they think it’s ‘cool’. I would say that largely defeats the purpose of who he was and what he stood for. I would say his lifestyle wasn’t a matter of choice, rather as a matter of who he was; who I am. Deep down inside, it’s not really who you want to be. It’s what feeds into your mind. 

I don’t really think you choose the whole journalist/writer/drugs lifestyle. It chooses you. So what makes you into a Hunter S. Thompson like figure? Well, it’s quite simple: Truth. Not just the truth as something that can be objectified, but as to how it relates to the very way human beings interact and the very meta-game of existence. That is the defining characteristic of any true journalist. I scoff at the current state of journalism, because it’s hardly journalistic at all. Everything nowadays can be summed up as a bunch of propaganda perpetuated by the few sad souls at the top. Though that’s how it’s always been. Image perception for your dollar and a cute smile for your face. Bite me. 

You see, the drugs don’t make the character; they simply perpetuate it. Charlie Sheen is actually a brilliant man if you’ve actually taken the time to listen to his words. It’s in our search for truth and more importantly, the very discovery of truth, that gives the impression you may seem insane to the rest of the folk who don’t get it. If you’re the only person in the world who understands fatal perspective, does that make you insane? Or is everyone else too stupid to realise you’re brilliant? 

Even I sound a little crazy when I say that 99.99% of people have no inherent grasp on the truth. Truth isn’t common knowledge, it’s holy desire wrapped in the destruction of your own delusion; the very delusion that persists as the front man for your own reality. How do you convey a concept that most people inherently don’t understand? A concept that people are tricked into thinking they understand, but don’t? The fools who cannot even look beyond the basic paradigm of their own logic; the suffocation of their own perception to the easy listening of the motionless silence that pierces through the wind. There’s nothing left here to breathe.

You see folks, the world ain’t a pretty place. If you knew just some of the very real stuff happening today, you’d most like have to lock the kids up and shoot them repeatedly in the head. You think your depression is bad honey; well gee, at least depression has a cure. Reality doesn’t cease to exist once you know of it’s cruel, wicked games. It looks you square in the eye and tells you to say otherwise. But you know you can’t fight back, which is why you buckle under the pain. Once you get a true picture of this world, you’d wish you were a simple butterfly. Though please, have a gun instead.

Dare I not talk about this 'reality’ I speak of, because as I’ve been saying, you’d probably want to walk me down hand-in-hand to the insane asylum, just out of sympathy for the man with no eyes to eat out of. Yes, I do believe we have a word for it: conspiracy theory. Of course, association is just a branding you make in your head, so I’d pardon you for being so weird. Though apparently if you do it with style, you become promoted to the realm of Hunter S. Thompson. The only way nowadays to hide your shame is to take a bunch of drugs and emphasize it. At least then you have legitimacy. 

The disgust of humanity has transpired to the point that mass perception has usurped fundamental truth; the playground of Edward Bernays’ backyard. In fact, government can get away with telling the truth, because the masses as a whole are already in their own little world of celebrity and faux pas. A hijacking of the current conscious, if you will, from within. I know Tumblr certainly doesn’t help. All it does it reveal a bunch of small truths, selectively holding you ransom to what your mind truly wants to know. Have a cupcake dear. I’m sure the debilitation will taste a little better after your routine lobotomy. The doctors take away a little more every time. How splendid. 

I can’t stand it when people talk politics, because they don’t even understand half the fucking labels they’re using. Progressive? Hardly. Though government love the ambiguity. Oh yes, dear government. How you love to distract, hide and coerce with the very might of your heavy tongue. How on earth would you sell us these homoerotic bundles of doublespeak without the drive of malice to set you free? No need to fear my children, because Andy Dick is performing fake sign language on the wireless to ease your mind, one hand a time. Though watch out for the other five in your back pocket. Sneaky!

What most people call news, I really just refer to as different shades of grey. Let’s look at some purple, shall we? Please continue peering through these blinds, while I look at silly at these shifting figures on the wall; with a gun to my head and a pen to my hand. Even then, we all know the statistics are clearly fudged to keep yo daddy happy. He doesn’t want to beat you, though the stock market certain makes it tempting. What isn’t a cover-up or an orchestrated piece of edited shenanigans nowadays? Political theatre really does put the kabuki back in slay.

Don’t get me started on Obama. I’d be happy to rant for hours at the amount of shill this man retains. You’d probably want to lock me up for things I’d say, cause I certainly know he would, judging by his psychopathic profile. You almost need the drugs to keep you sane. To provide you the perspective you wish you hadn’t been so careless to throw away.

I have a phrase that I use to describe the discovery of the truth. Something which I call “red pill”. Very few people go red pill (let alone are aware of it), because they are not self-aware enough in the overall scheme of things, to reach that higher level of cultural understanding. Most people don’t think outside the box, let alone realise they’re in a box to begin with. They just rub their appendage all over the cardboard, like a stupid pack of intellectual death. It’s becomes even worse once these parasites mingle, like an infestation of the mind or lack thereof. They’re just happy to exist, to slowly deteriorate the tune of their own fumble. Once you go red pill, you will most certifiably seem crazy to the people around you.

That’s why I don’t express my political views (at least on this outlet) and hence why Hunter S. Thompson is a hero in the eyes of many. He is what truth is to money, as what contradictions are to hypocrisy. He is the real American hero of our time. 

Now… just imagine if I’d wrote that while completely drugged to my tits off various chemicals? Now do you see the appeal? Though remember. It’s not the drugs, it’s the truth. Do you hear me? IT’S THE FUCKING TRUTH!