---
id: "61531999866"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "respect."
summary: "respect."
date: "2013-09-17 22:07:00 GMT"
slug: "respect"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship,brag,girl,tumblr,attitude,feelings,respect"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvJbyvw"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61531999866/respect"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I think the hardest part about having once got a girl, is refraining from making sexually arrogant comments over Tumblr. On the one hand, I want to brag about the fact that I got her, you know, typical comments about how great the sex is going to be, how badly I want to fuck her etc. You should see the number of one-liner statuses I’ve written, which I must say, really do get to the point that our relationship is amazing. Witty. Funny. Fuck you. 

Yet that’s the one thing I hated about Tumblr. The number of girls who’d brag about the amount of sex they were getting (let alone sex at all), how he treated her so well etc. The worst ones, are the girls who brag about how they rejected a guy and how it felt so good; this whole idea of crushing another man’s ego. Honestly, it hurts when you’re single. Most likely borne out of jealously and frustration, but it hurts none-the-less. It sucks to know that you can’t find someone, or at least are trying, but just ain’t getting anywhere. To play with people’s emotions and the way they feel, is quite frankly disgusting, even if indirectly so. 

So yes, that’s exactly what I’ve been doing and it’s almost like this blog has become this, “Fuck you. I did it. I got a girl. I couldn’t,” which is also understandable, from the point of view of someone who was relatively desperate not long ago. To go from nothing over months of failure (in fact, make that a lifetime of failure) to the best thing in the world, is just such a vast contrast to anything else in my life. It’s kind of like, “Wow. I’m not completely useless after all. I can actually do something with my life. For once in my relative timeline, I feel there’s no need to bash myself for being second-rate." 

But you have to understand, it’s also how I legitimately feel about her. I’m a bit of a joker and I love her to bits. I do want to make her feel special; I do want to pamper her to the point of royalty. I do want to sell her to the world as the next best thing to itself existence, that even all the world’s private wealth cannot buy. The product you ultimately will never have, which is bullshit anyway. Last time I checked, there were another 7 billion human beings out there and we’re all so vastly different. 

However I don’t wish to continue stooping this low (I honestly haven’t been that bad), because I think it’s just pointless ego-stroking which at the end of the day, pisses off more people than it pleases (i.e. myself). Yes folks. To me she’s amazing, but that means nothing of your own experience. Everyone has their kinks, so there’s no point exaggerating my own. Though to be fair, I was just doing it temporarily, just because I could. It’s like buying a new sports car and not driving it recklessly the first time. You just have to. 

Instead of bragging, which is ultimately deconstructive (though fun, you miserable cunt), I want to talk about my experience and give advice on what I went through, had to deal with, what I think helps etc. Because until you reach your goal, it feels like you’re hopeless lost in a sea of your answers. None of which have questions, until that faithful day. Ascend.