---
id: "60449036485"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "schmuck."
summary: "schmuck."
date: "2013-09-06 13:49:00 GMT"
slug: "schmuck"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,poetry,schizophrenic"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruJ2nZ5"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60449036485/schmuck"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

There I am, sipping away at my glass of water. I didn’t deserve either this glass, nor this water. This translucent vagueness trembling in my hand, requiring the attention and focus of a third world leader. The fervor I cannot give. My lips still wet from this stupid encounter with patternless torment; nutritional null. Oh, how can my body not thank me?

Like a deadly mistress with an evil scheme, my brain clicks with sheer excitement. I gently transition the glass to the side of my head, firmly pressing it against my scruffy hair; water cascading gently down my skull, as the remanding fluid sloshes into uncontrollable chaos.

I don’t like the chill of wetness, though it’s a refreshing notion. I’m not crazy, but I can be. I’m cute. That’s what I want to be; that’s what I want to hear. Only cute people can get away with murder and I’m not really in the mood for living. As the contents of my glass repositions itself onto the floor below, my drenched attire begins to display a whole new character of it’s own. That horrible clingy feeling. Fuck off. It breaks your sense of self-worth, not that I find it possible to empathise with either element.

The anxiety of my own inadequacy eats away at me; my thoughts tainted by those little bites of crude indecisiveness. The sound of it’s clattering teeth, chewing away into the decency of my evening, forever repeating it’s mantra like a bunch of breeding rabbits, until even my mind cannot break free from the insanity it gorges. I violently swipe my desk clean of it’s contents, destroying the neat little setup of books and pens I’d hope to keep free of influence.

I needed a walk like this. The air around me doesn’t carry the heaviness of association, only the flow of it’s own existence, going in and out of nowhere. Outside is what I need. The atmosphere is clear like wine. Wine? Wine!? Fuck you wine!? I need comfort. I need pain. I don’t know what I need. I need schmuck. Schmuck away they say. 

Schmuck away.