---
id: "58510567784"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "title."
summary: "title."
date: "2013-08-17 14:48:04 GMT"
slug: "title"
state: "published"
tags: "art,depression,free time"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErsVW6be"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58510567784/title"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Here’s the thing peeps. I’m not actually depressed. I understand trauma, which is why I like Tumblr. I can talk to people about their problems and their depression, which is what fascinates me the most about life: human trauma. My life is tragic for different reasons, however all my own personal problems, are well, vastly exaggerated. It gives me purpose, to bitch and moan. It allows me to play with words, and caress my true love: perspective. art. whatever. 

I have real life friends n’ stuff. You know, those wonderful people you see on the weekend that make you happy? Seriously, if you do not have people you can see over the weekend, please do yourself a favor and put a useless, silly, fucking bullet through that useless, silly, fucking head of yours. Don’t forget to hit both temples, otherwise you may very well live beyond the required limit: 

0. 

Honestly, I’m young. I’m still like 20. A massive slut when I think about it, all I do is… well, I love doing everything! I am literally crushed by choice. I’ve got a billion more years to live. I just use these words to buy time. Buy time. 

I’m nothing like my words in real life, quite unfortunately. Obviously, writing is really nothing more than demonstrating your own emotional depth, but other than that, I’m just your normal, above-average, intelligent guy. These are just words, my pretty dear. You know, like the delusion in your mind? 

Art. That’s right! When you have too much free time, you can just play around with words and call it art. Believe in it enough and you’ll even mistake it for purpose ;) Because purpose is what we’re all really looking for in the end, that bastard who keeps letting go.

Yes, reading is fun as well. Seeing how other people in the past have described certain things. I guess I have an obsession with remember things as well. I mean, who doesn’t nowadays!? 

So yes, I mostly do this blog for art. I love words and hope you do as well. And you know what, I may as well try and date rape as many young girls as I possibly can. 

say whaaaaaa .