---
id: "60440219499"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "truth."
summary: "truth."
date: "2013-09-06 10:26:00 GMT"
slug: "truth"
state: "published"
tags: "knowledge,truth,journalism,critical mind,perspective"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruIX8zh"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60440219499/truth"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Journalism used to be my passion to a large degree, however that has now somewhat subsided. It’s still the focus of who I am, because I think it’s an irreplaceable skill in any field you wish to pursue, but in terms of the mainstream notion of journalism, I’ve just about given up on the cause. Though it’s still why I like to write. As a person who religiously produced and consumed perspective like some kind of maniac on a five-week shard bender, words are the last hope I have to give. 

I’ll be quite frank: 99.9999%+ of people don’t get where I’m coming from and I don’t mean this as a sign of unaware arrogance or exaggeration. I know of people who do get it, but they are a very, very rare breed. Having once ‘got it’ I spent a good portion of my life trying to figure why other people simply didn’t get it and what I could do to help them better understand my conundrum. Inevitably I failed after various attempts, however now I think I know why.

Though first let’s look at the real world application of those who get it. What the fuck does it even mean to get it? Let’s focus on something that has universal purpose in society: money. Not just money, but rather this idea of trade and currency. Did you know that roughly 80%+ of day traders lose money everyday? Oh but how can this be, since it is in fact their very job to MAKE money FROM money? The reason why I use trading as an example is because a person’s success is largely influenced (though certainly not entirely) by knowledge, unlike factors such as luck, prior success etc. That’s why people who are successful traders are considered wise, because they simply 'get it’. They have no other choice. 

The truth really is no different. You either get it or you don’t. Everyone is equally capable of the truth, yet very few people have a grasp on it. Like trading, it also comes down to this very same aspect of knowledge. Though knowledge certainly isn’t the issue as to why most people don’t get it, because knowledge exists irregardless of people. It certainly cannot be effort, because some people are highly intelligent while also highly misguided. It all comes down to the individual. 

So here I am. I’ve managed obtained my own rather particular truth which 99.9999%+ of people don’t seem to get and I want to convey that to people. Well, once you reach this stage, you realise that there’s no point in doing so, because quite simply if people were interested enough in that truth, they would have gone and discovered it themselves. 

“Oh look, that person over there is telling me how pigs can fly! I must listen!”

You see, what choice do you really have? You could be telling the most fundamental truth in the world, however people will go to what THEY think is the true, which entirely avoid the truth itself!

So now you know that truth is an entirely personal construct that is perpetuated by our own bias. Which begs the basic question of why I should be trusted on any particular truth? Well, it logically comes down to the analysis of whether you think my point of view is critical enough. I mean, where is my bias at? I’ll tell you where it is: to the point where I no longer share my views. I no longer influence others, because I now realise it’s an already determined battle. 

The overwhelming problem with the truth is that it only exists to be abused, because it already exists in harmony irregardless of your own tampering. Rather, people do it themselves without even knowing. So it doesn’t really matter what you say, you’ll still be working within the definable limits of other people’s reality. 

But of course, unless if everyone is trained to be an analytical and critical, there really is no point to objectifying reality. At that point, it simply becomes your own little hobby to deject in the face of adversity. Even with a higher level of awareness, people are still influenced by their own culture, views and life experience etc. 

Though the vaguely good news in all this, is that the truth comes in many forms and many are much more accessible than my own little qualms. What percentage of people don’t know that you can’t digest wood? Though the very question is invalid because almost no one has ever asked whether they could ingest wood, which is EVEN worse than assuming notions of ignorance. To not ask a question, is to neglect this very idea of knowledge. Much, much worse.

I tend to be quite all-rounded in my search for truth and enjoy learning from most realms of knowledge. For you personally, perhaps the aspect of where you 'get it’, could be in diet or maybe in woodwork theory. These things have a radically lower chance of people who fail to understand, however is still prevalent as a concept overall.

Myself however, in what I personally find most important… I promise you that 99.9999%+ of people don’t 'get it’ (I mean that as no exaggeration) and to me, I find it to relate to the most important aspect dictating our lives. It isn’t religion. It isn’t certainly isn’t too difficult to understand, though it’s definitely convoluted by propaganda. More strikingly, it’s so incredibly obvious, if only more people had critical minds.

I’d tell you guys, but that’d defeat the purpose of searching in the name of truth: the very best part of it all. If it’s not personal, then you shall never learn. That’s why 99.9999%+ never do.