---
id: "60527194496"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "ugh."
summary: "ugh."
date: "2013-09-07 08:44:00 GMT"
slug: "ugh"
state: "private"
tags: "weekend,going out,why!?"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruNix60"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60527194496/ugh"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So my friend convinced me to go out tonight, but we don’t really have any plans and quite frankly, I just cannot be fucked. But he’s Korean and he’s nice so what the hell. We don’t really go out anywhere, so we honestly have no idea what we’re doing, but I think the whole point is to just trawl clubs/bars or w/e in the city. I think he just wants to get out of the house and live some sort of extroverted ‘social life’. 

The whole thing is so stupid. He talks about how boring his life is and so this is idea of having fun. Well fuck man, go get some hobbies. Do something with your spare time that isn’t boring. I’m perfectly content reading a book within the comfort of my own home, why can’t you be!? He’s the kind of guy who does nothing but study and watch movies, and then he complains about how boring his life is. *face palm* 

I mean, it’s not like we’re gonna be getting any pussy anyway… oh well, not him at least :p

I kid. I kid. The thing is folks, he speaks this terrible pigeon English and he’s horrible at expressing his personality (I’ve seen planks of wood tell better tales) but I do remember us discussing this last week, in that the whole point of going out was to address these issues. The best thing about having a Korean as your wingman, is that he dresses REALLY nicely and it’s a great conversation piece. “Oh hey, this is my Korean friend.” *points to Korean friend* hahahaha I’m just joking, though seriously. Conversation piece.

It should be alright, hopefully. Even if it is shit, it’ll give me something interesting to write about. In fact, I hope I have a terrible time, because it just love describing the degradation of my own experience, as it slowly moulds into basic culture. How exquisite.