---
id: "60446594155"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "week-what."
summary: "week-what."
date: "2013-09-06 13:00:00 GMT"
slug: "week-what"
state: "published"
tags: "motivation,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruIvTHh"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60446594155/week-what"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I was going to go out tonight, but I just wanted to have the weekend to myself. I’m almost sick of going out, probably because of a few crappy experiences, though I know it’s not all like that. More importantly, ever since recovering from this little fever of mine, I’ve managed to regain my motivation to do all the things I love! 

Piano, writing, exercise, learning, reading you name it! Even homework, what the fuck! Though I find it funny how I legitimately no longer care about drugs anymore. Maybe the club scene ruined it for me? I used to smoke weed every weekend, but now I actually prefer to be sober. It probably started around 2 months ago, when I’d discovered that I just no longer enjoyed getting high. Since then, I just haven’t really done it since and if I have, I didn’t particularly enjoy it. Mum’s not even home tonight and usually this is when I’d go out and get some, but there’s been zero urge to do so. 

My only exception is if a girl’s doing it ^^. Well, there’s good friends as well, but it has to be a really special occasion, like a birthday or an event. I’m still entirely adamant on the whole trying every drug while having sex idea, not that most people would be interested in the idea. 

It’s hard to say what killed my motivation for the things I love, but I can imagine that possibly it was out of sexual frustration. I think the turning point must’ve been in reflection of how bad my fever experience was. So in my head, I kinda reached a point where I told myself whatever, it’s just sex, it’s not that big a deal. I’ll just have to live without it, just as I have been doing so perfectly well before, only this time I’m not going to be such a little bitch about it. Honestly though, it could be anything. Life works in mysterious ways.