---
id: "103026056795"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "abstin."
summary: "abstin."
date: "2014-11-19 07:06:35 GMT"
slug: "abstin"
state: "published"
tags: "life,awesome"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1VyrDvR"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/103026056795/abstin"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

So it’s officially been two weeks since I last orgasmed and my gosh, the sex has just been phenomenal! I never want to cum again. It’s like you’re teetering on the edge of orgasm from beginning to finish and all your senses are that much more heightened it’s not even vaguely frustrating. 

The other good thing is that you can have sex for as long as you want, as many times as you want throughout the day without getting tired or sore. I’m pretty sure we had sex for three hours on three different occasions from morning to night time and it was simply incredible. Usually once I’ve cum I’m basically knocked out for the day or it hurts the next time we do it, but now it’s pure bliss. 

The sex itself even feels ten times better and I know it’s going to feel even better the longer I hold out, which I honestly hope will be forever. You stay hard the entire time and I could rave about it for hours. 

Another positive in my life is that I’ve been super motivated and focused in my life. I’ve been working on my depression website everyday with enthusiasm and something which I’m really happy about, is that I haven’t thought about my ex to any capacity, at all. It’s like she’s not even there in my mind.

In the past I used to obsess about her and I couldn’t stop thinking about her even if I wanted to. But now I don’t any compelled in any sense of the imagination and now it’s as if she’s just another person in my life, not some kind of god-like figure.

Honestly, my girlfriend is amazing. I don’t know what I’d do without her.