---
id: "97637886128"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "appeal."
summary: "appeal."
date: "2014-09-16 09:00:00 GMT"
slug: "appeal"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,spilled ink,words"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Qxg_Ym"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97637886128/appeal"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

There’s nothing particularly appealing about me, especially if you were to consider yourself cultured. I’m not pretty, I’m not pale, I’m not white, I’m not dreamy, I’m not deliriously tall or skinny, I don’t have veins slithering down my arms like electrified glass, my penis isn’t extraordinarily large, I’m never represented in any of the tumblr images I see… and it’s like, why even bother? I work out and exercise on occasion, but a hot bod seems to have lost all relevance in today’s fabricated society. What’s right or wrong when you can just put an Instagram filter on it? 

At least what’s why I think we have words. Words are unique to your character, assuming you have the arrogance to orchestrate them under such pretense. Words offer hope to a world drowning in superficiality. Originality isn’t dead, so much as it’s become inefficient. Expressions have become so easy to read, that thoughts are no longer worth the effort; just pass me the kook-aid and get it over and done with, please. Of course, this merely comes down to expression and perception as a whole; two different sides of the same, four-dimensional coin.

Trickle onto me you bastard.

This isn’t the last you’ll hear from me yet. 

I’ve always relied on imagination and pretend to give myself a false sense of complexity and self-worth. I think ‘conjure’ perfectly describes the human ego and I guess that’s why I love to write. It allows me to become anything I want to be. I can be as pretty, as smart, as sexy, as presumptuous and beautiful as my imagination will allow. I may not be able to play with your superficial understanding of the world, as a creature with less-than-satisfying tastes, however what does one matter when I can just mould into perception before the light even reaches your eye? 

Self-projection, as opposed to self-reflection, is designed solely to inflict envy upon others and it’s this sort of self-delusion which words are built for, if not only to fool myself. Everyone’s in the game to feel something, be it their own misery (or in the rare case, happiness), and if they can’t wretch it from themselves, then the essence must be stolen otherwise.

I’m a very real attachment buddy and if you promise to let go, I’ll promise never to leave your thoughts again. 

I’d like to think I’m really suave in my mind, when clearly I’m prime slaughter material for the masses; nice and crisp for when the axe of life has time to even bother with my fate. I hate that I look nothing like my words. It’s all just one big character; a defect beyond which no one can possibly deserve. In the end, no one deserves shit and my appeal is clear…

I’m cutie boy and so please put a ring on it