---
id: "108700265150"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "badger."
summary: "badger."
date: "2015-01-21 03:07:00 GMT"
slug: "badger"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,tumblr,old posts,blog,soul,virgin,romance"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1bF2cg_"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108700265150/badger"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

If you must know, this is my fourth tumblr blog. You could potentially say that each blog has been associated with a different relationship of relevance (actually, a whole number of women, ranging from soul destroying to the manically insane) and that for the first time in this series of potential disappointments, am not writing to try and impress women and win over their hearts, which I think is a wonderful development in my life. 

I have the sense not to care anymore. I’m much more invested in my own life and sense of purpose, goals and dreams. Most applicably, I have no intentions of cannibalising myself in the name of false justice.

Put simply, I was a desperate virgin who was fragile and insecure and in fact, I completely loathed tumblr for it’s perturbed mannerisms and perhaps I still do. I simply joined this website with the intention of finding myself a girlfriend; how granite. It took me a month of badgering to lose my virginity and another month of soul-searching to stumble onto my first, tragic relationship.

Since then, one and a half years ago, my heart has been slowly churned and destroyed through a process of subtle homeostasis, certainly enough times to circle the sun a few millennium. Sex is now this barbaric relic I like to keep well into the depths of my closet; cold and emotionless. I don’t think I could handle any more bad romance in my life, as it could very well perturb the sads back into an era of fatal emotional plutocracy.

Okay.

Quite clearly I’m constructing a false narrative to the point of complete exaggeration, however only as an extension of my love for metaphorical imagery. It does sound and feel rather excellent, wouldn’t you say? 

Playing characters is my life. 

All jokes aside, I think Tumblr is amazing. It’s a way to express myself and connect with like-minded individuals. “Explore” is a very potent word that comes to mind.

Anyway, I’m in the process of building my portfolio, as I aspire to become a freelance writer. This means stifling through all the material I’ve written throughout my lifetime, including the 150,000 or so words culminated over tumblr. 

Unfortunately, this means that I must now read through all my old tumblr posts to try and find some of the more semblent materials to try and flog off to unsuspecting buyers; a task which I promise to be excruciatingly… beleaguering. 

Honestly, I’m not looking forward to it. 

Not in the slightest.