---
id: "107976610555"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "bday."
summary: "bday."
date: "2015-01-13 11:01:47 GMT"
slug: "bday"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,birthday,yay me"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1aZw5Bx"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/107976610555/bday"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I went to movie world today, which means that I’ve been to all the main theme parks - wet n’ wild, sea world and hence forth, my holy trilogy is complete. 

I am the biggest bitch when it comes to rides. I am beyond terrified. I scream, I complain, I squeal. Just looking at the structures make me feel sick, but once I’ve hoped off and the adrenaline is pumping, I literally become the happiest kid ever and all I can think about is how I want to do it all again!

I remember feeling like an absolute pussy before going on this roller coaster and there was this small indian kid and I asked if he was scared, and he said no, so everyone around me made fun of me and that made me sad. 

My arms hurt. I think it’s from this typing angle.

I’ve been messaging a lot of people on tumblr, because I’ve been trying to get to know people and stuff. Half the time you realise that most people are just incompatible with your ideas and sense of style, but there are also lot of nice people. There’s one person who’s interested in meeting up and that’s super cool.

Lastly, I would like to thank my girlfriend and my best friend for making my birthday amazing. I feel incredibly sick from the Mexican dinner, but that’s okay. I have a really big penis and my girlfriend cannot get enough of it. We’re going to have so much sex once we get to a motel, it’s been more than a week and I’m literally dying.