---
id: "108060130835"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "black."
summary: "black."
date: "2015-01-14 07:18:00 GMT"
slug: "black"
state: "private"
tags: "writing,race,difference"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1aeuhuJ"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108060130835/black"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I am so fucking hungry right now. I’ve been trying my hardest to write something meaningful, but every time I try to think, my mind becomes intent on murder. 

There are these aborigine kids who have entered the playroom and it’s the worst thing I have ever experienced. Two of the kids are shouting needlessly and there’s this older kid who keeps screaming “brah” and they just keep getting louder and louder and I feel like I’m in a mad house. 

I do feel sorry for the girl though. She seems stuck in the middle of it all. 

Culture is… a funny thing. Ah well, I suppose the human race is going to die off in the end. Kill everything in sight. That’s a direct order. 

The problem with white kids is they’re intent on their own sense of ego and self-worth. There’s this inherent alpha male structure, even when everyone is equally wrong and self-destructive. They will shout to keep their pride and place in the group. It is their way of coping. 

Aborigines on the other hand, live without any sense of organised religion. They shout without purpose, like a sort of unnatural wind. There is no care or structure in their ways. It is without sufficient knowledge. I suppose it's a more natural way of living, though I believe this is a self-defeating prospect. 

It’s no wonder white people conquered the world. Organised violence backed by lies.

I think we have ourselves a winner.