---
id: "107245270105"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "bloop."
summary: "bloop."
date: "2015-01-05 21:13:37 GMT"
slug: "bloop"
state: "published"
tags: "art,perspective,writing,fashion"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ZuKFHP"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/107245270105/bloop"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I wish I was into fashion, because it’s something that’s always fascinated me. I’ve always dreamed of making my own clothes and I know quite a few fashion designers, though they all bore me. I guess it’s just a time and money thing for me. I’m pursuing visual art instead (which I guess is an aspect of fashion), just because it’s something that’s not so resource intensive, especially since my mother is an artist and she already has all the materials. 

I really love the intellectual aspect of art. It’s a whole new mysterious realm which bypasses my senses. On the other hand, I’m much too familiar with words. I feel too comfortable around them, so I feel like there’s nothing to gain. Writing will always be my one true passion, like my darling sweetheart, but my life demands a more cognitive aspect, if I’m ever to live in peace.

God, I write like such a fuck-wit. But it’s like, I’m already getting laid and I’m in a wonderful relationship, so it doesn’t matter what side of my personality I show? I can just be myself, yeah?

I think it's first about learning the technique from the video game and books, then later I can attempt to do the real thing once I feel confident in my ability. I really love water colours and I really, really love impressionism. Good impressionism makes me wet and it’s also not overly complicated, though I’m currently practicing drawing bodies to try and increase my ability to recognise and draw shape. 

I guess the problem with fashion is that it’s more-or-less consummerism. Listen, if I spent over $1000 to dye my hair and wear quirky looking colours, I could more-or-less convince people that I’m special. Yet most the actual artists I’ve seen within my life time, you know, the people earning good coin, dress like absolute shit.

It’s the art dealers you have to be weary of tbh.