---
id: "113844857975"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "bug."
summary: "bug."
date: "2015-03-17 03:28:43 GMT"
slug: "bug"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,bug,friend,perspective,ego"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1g1hgnt"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/113844857975/bug"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

There’s this guy in my house and I overheard him talk about how we’ve overdeveloped the left side of our brain over the past 2,000 years and that the right side of our brain has suffered as a result. 

So for the past 20 minutes I’ve been trying to write with my left hand and while it’s difficult, I’m improving by the minute. 

It first shocked me because it reminded me of my handwriting when I was a small child. It looked almost exactly the same, which made me feel young. 

Then on my page I noticed this tiny insect. It would have been smaller than the ballpoint of my pen. 

I stared at it and thought about how egocentric we are. 

We think so much about our own worries and “problems” and yet here is this minuscule bug, randomly trawling my page. What purpose does it have in life? What does it think about? 

Is it looking for food? Is it trying to find a partner? The luxuries of humanity are great, however I can imagine the life of a tiny insect is incredibly difficult in comparison. 

It made me realise that this desk is it’s world. How exciting it must be, to be on-top of a floating island one thousand kilometres into the sky. 

I doubt this insect has ever left this room. Perhaps not even this desk, yet not once have I ever thought of this desk as any sort of habitation. It is just another one of the careless “objects” in this room. 

In fact there are thousands of objects in this room, most of which I do not pay any attention to. I honestly feel like throwing everything away. I no longer want any of these objects anymore, they are completely meaningless and yet they take away from me, the ability to think clearly about who I am in this world. 

I can no longer locate my bug friend and that makes me incredibly sad. 

I would happily throw away everything in this room just to see my friend again.

An important lesson in perspective.