---
id: "105514671925"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "burning."
summary: "burning."
date: "2014-12-18 10:16:16 GMT"
slug: "burning"
state: "published"
tags: "eat me"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1YHAXyr"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/105514671925/burning"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m dead exhausted. 

I’ve done so much work today and that makes me feel really good about myself. I spent most of my day reading and designing my depression website. It’s only been two days since I’ve started working on it and the website basically looks exactly how I want it to! I’ve written most of the content for the home page, which is good. I just need to figure out what elements I want to put in the blog and I’m so excited for the outcome! 

I worry though. I sometimes feel like my problem is that I go through a crazy period of inflamed productiveness and then once I have a bad day or a crisis moment, resulting in me not giving it 100%, then begin to feel inadequate and guilty about myself, resulting in depression.

I always try and remind myself of the cycle and to appreciate the way nature works. Crisis. Acceptance. Happiness. Arrogance.

REPEAT. 

I just feel like I’ve gotten so much better at dealing with these issues in recent history, that it gives me hope that sadness doesn’t have to be a prolonged thing. The amount of days I’ve spent being happy, compared to sad over the past few months, has been a really positive thing for me. I hope to keep it that way. 

In a sense, I like the sadness. I like the literature I produce, as well as the faint stories of delusion I get to tell. I feel like in being happy, I give up the inner artist within me. 

It’s really hard to say which I prefer… it’s like, if I’m happy, I work towards my goal and that constitutes “living”. Yet if I’m sad, I become dysfunctional and artistic, but that’s also really cool? In a sense, I feel like I’ve sort of retained the best of both worlds. I’ve still got the wit from my teenage angst, yet I’m able to follow through with the ambition that successful 20 year old me desires.

God, I’m such a fruit.