---
id: "104563406150"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "camp."
summary: "camp."
date: "2014-12-07 08:05:00 GMT"
slug: "camp"
state: "published"
tags: "camping,not fun,melbourne,article"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1XOTlL6"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104563406150/camp"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Camping is what pent up maniacs conspire to once they’ve exhausted all reasonable outlets of sanity. I propose we all go into the most horrendous part of the state and absorb the most resoundingly terrible qualities and traits any human being has to offer. Desperation, unguided filth and trauma. It’s an unholy sacrifice that even god himself refuses to acknowledge. Your dignity is preyed upon and sold to the devil, just so you can see your friends suffer and churned into unrecognisable fragments of raped innocence. 

It’s rainy. It feels like I’m in greater Scotland, no greater than the sort of abridged horror spewed forth. The peat is telling me to get fucked, as the precipitation lulls itself into a slow death. To my right is the so-called alpha male of the group and he is unbearable; your worst enemy sober and a buckling stallion once drunk. He is not a leader, as he consistently suggests, but about as talented as his common hand may appear. He’s an arrogant prick, unforgiving during his most graceful embraces and a self-professed cunt. But he’s one of my best mates and we all hold it close to our hearts, as a prolific source of spiritual cancer. 

The tension between him and his girlfriend is agonising. I don’t know how they’re still together, but it’s to be expected of any abusive Irish male. He drinks straight from the bottle and his tongue knows no shame. He has no reservations about assaulting other people, but that doesn’t make me afraid. I accept my own fate and it’s a very ugly mosaic. His accusations are brutal, especially against his significant other - a vicious cycle - she smokes like a chimney to deal with the steady decline of our holy union and this irritates him further, as the judgemental, self-righteous biggot he is. 

Don’t run. 

One of the others is very friendly, but his accomplice is about as smart as a broken box of French tools. There’s not a single redeeming feature to be had, except in the inconspicuity of his sly grin which embarrasses his existence to infinity. Do not listen to him, but do not ignore. He is much bigger than me and threatens me like a sort of still cannon-fodder to the group. He substitutes words for wit. Go figure. 

I have no place in this world of mortals and beasts. I guess I’m the comedian of the group. I keep moral high, though I tend to have the opposite effect on most people. Most my hours are spent sulking in silence, thinking of the prison that I am trapped. We climb mountains through the bushes and chunks of my hand are missing. There are cuts extending down to my knees, though that’s to be expected. We reach the top of the peak and the sadness grows thin. I start thinking about my ex and how I’d much rather be at home, holding her with my arms.

We live for the disease. 

I miss my girlfriend, above all. My lovely flower. The guys talk about anal and bondage, but I keep my mouth shut and my head to the intellectual grind. It’s a beautiful place to be, silent and free amongst the clash of the waves. I woke a few hours earlier and introduced myself to terrible casket wine - conveniently disguised as a classy cider with enough alcohol to drown a toddler. I sit and think and talk, primarily to myself. My thoughts shutter all over the reality I try to conceive. It burns like wetness. 

We pick up this Canadian cyclist and the gang makes a new friend. Of course, I don’t talk. I’m not in the mood. I’m sick of the alcohol and I need to get away from the incessant retardation which is entering me. Naturally, we decide the only moral thing is to get him sickly drunk. He downs six shots of gin and within moments, he becomes a very poor soul indeed.

I don’t suggest sculling from the bottle of gin, as I would soon learn, but it is a taste without chaser. I think I like it. 

It’s weird to think about people who travel long distances into the middle of nowhere. They do it because they’re lonely. They’re afraid of who they are and what their future holds, so they stop time by travelling far within it. They waste and turn and flutter. They’re not comfortable with who they are in their minds, so they chase the superficial things in life, like experience and memory. Granted, these are the things we live for, but they are not the substances of life.

Our emotions can only be so forgiving. 

I’m sitting in the car on the way back and I’m glad. I’m glad it’s all over. I miss my girlfriend with all my heart and I can finally read that book on how time works. I want to go home and study some French. What we learn as men is that camping is hostile institution. It’s not for the dead, nor the alive. It deserves no stars, nor points of comparison.

It is a sick man’s game and my heart cannot handle such perversions. It is the world we live in.