---
id: "100736573275"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "class."
summary: "class."
date: "2014-10-23 08:27:27 GMT"
slug: "class"
state: "published"
tags: "crush,girls,relationship,girlfriend,Finally done,fuck yess,imagination,I'm fucked"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1TqNXzR"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/100736573275/class"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today was my last day of uni, possibly forever, and after class this girl I’d talked to previously had decided to approach me and asked if I’d like to do 25i with her, as I’d bought it up a few weeks earlier.

We go and get coffee and I’m super jittery and nervous because I have a massive crush on her and my gosh, I just haven’t been able to stop thinking about her all day. Not in a pleasant way. It’s just been a constant state of stress and nervousness and jitteriness. 

I don’t think anyone I’ve ever had a crush on has ever approached me and so I was freaking out for hours, both during and after. I think I’ve only started to calm down now. 

She gave me her phone number and I added her on Facebook and I told her that I had a massive crush on her and that if I weren’t in a relationship I’d totally date her. Then she said that she was flattered and thought I was really cool, but that she’d come from a long relationship and didn’t want to go back into it too soon. 

I think it’s important to communicate the way you feel, because it helps explain the kind of person you are. I think I learnt in the end that I’m the kind of person who is very impressionable and I have this ability to become obsessed with ideas and fantasies in my head, rather than the reality. I think that’s why I’m such a big romantic, because I’m really sentimental and I pretend to play characters and be sexy. 

I told my girlfriend about the whole thing and I don’t blame her for the way she reacted. I mean, I potentially have feelings for this girl and she’s the kind of girl I would date, but I know it’s all just silly and that I can feel this way with just about any girl if I really try hard enough create narratives in my mind. 

This just happened to be one of those circumstances where it all came together. 

I’m not doubting that this girl is amazing, but I love my girlfriend and she’s the one I should be focusing on. I think that’s the thing, that I’m going to meet many girls within my lifetime that I’ll lust and have feelings for, because there are so many amazing people out there and everyone has amazing attributes, but that doesn’t mean I have to take my feelings personally. My imagination is always trying to find ways to experience and explore.

…and I don’t think it’s a bad thing. It’s just something I need to understand and not get carried away with. I think it’s the reason why I’m learning so many languages, not because it’s useful or anything, but because I create these ideas in my mind about the kind of person it will make me and it motivates me to learn and exceed. 

I just have a really wild imagination, that’s all.