---
id: "112123976680"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "control."
summary: "control."
date: "2015-02-26 09:46:29 GMT"
slug: "control"
state: "published"
tags: "life,depression,motivation,happy,writing,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1eR71le"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/112123976680/control"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I’m really happy with where my life is at the moment and I truly mean this, because I always say this and then everything turns to shits but I personally think this is true because of the way I’ve been dealing with my problems.

…precisely because I don’t really have any problems. I’ve been feeling really good about myself and I think my life is proof of this. 

I don’t feel like I really have any vices so-to-speak. I don’t feel like I need to compensate my emotions with anything. I don’t watch porn, I don’t eat junk to any capacity (except on the weekend if I’m drunk with friends), my emotions rarely overwhelm me and I honestly cannot remember the last time I was even seriously depressed.

I feel like my mental health is in good shape and that I have a solution to all of my mental dilemmas. I don’t get panic attacks. It’s like negative emotions never really have the opportunity to enter my mind. I’m too focused on the all the positives and my goals and dreams. 

It’s like there’s this layer of control that never existed before. I feel like I’ve figured everything out. Part of this is understanding that I will always have the demons of my past, however that it shouldn’t stop me from having the fruits of the future as well. 

I’m not perfect. Hell, that’s part of the reason why I think I’ve been doing so well, because I have so many issues. On the train this morning there was this girl who basically looked like my ex and my mind started ruminating.

I can’t help that. I really can’t, but that doesn’t mean I have to become obsessive or feel terrible about myself. I no longer feel guilty or shameful of who I am. I guess I feel more empowered by life, rather than afraid of it. I feel like my issues are just a part of the complexity of life, rather than a limiting factor to my experience as a person. 

I like the quote that we are not the mistakes of our past, but that we are the resources and capabilities that we have gleamed from it. 

I used to smoke weed, I was constantly depressed, I was insecure and everything was just horrible. It’s like living was painful and that there was no way around that, other than to be depressed. 

I guess the most important thing that I’ve learnt from my job is that attitude is everything. It doesn’t matter what it is you do in life, if you have a shitty attitude then everything is going to be shit and I know it’s hard, because I’m very sentimental and so I exaggerate everything in my mind, however I choose to live each day with a positive attitude and it’s just helped me so much more.