---
id: "97350821600"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "date."
summary: "date."
date: "2014-09-13 02:50:00 GMT"
slug: "date"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,blow job,story,cinema,magic in the moonlight,collin firth,Emma stone,woody allen,inappropiate,date,girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1QgZwRW"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97350821600/date"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I wanted to go on a cutie date with my girlfriend so we went out and got dinner and then we watched a Woody Allen movie, Magic in the Moonlight, which was kinda interesting, though dull. It viewed like an Oscar Wilde play, which is nothing short of the pretentious clap-trap we’ve come to expect of any romantic comedy. Fuck, I’m basically just like Collin Firth (and who doesn’t want to have sex with an anorexic Emma Stone?) because I’m a cynical asshole who’ll spend the time to psychoanalyse you down to Peter Rabbit… 

Now that’s just not true; I’m sweet and kind and have the subtle makings of a boy genius, if only 15 years too late. 

So this cinema is pretty empty, relatively small I’d say; featuring seating for roughly 70 or 80 of the brightest our populous has to offer (and I’ve always been told that Woody Allen movies are a free ticket to a woman’s vagina), and there’s probably eight people there, with us being the only two people sitting at the back. Half-way through the movie, we’re sort of dying for Emma Stone to show us her non-existent rack or at least tongue Collin for god’s sake, and so my girlfriend starts touching me which inevitably leads to a blow job (oh, the shock and horror!) which is great n’ all, until those really bright scenes flash upon us, exposing my junk to the whole myriad of type-two peasants down below. 

In all earnest, I had to return the favour and so after much coercion and human indecency (possibly even collusion at this point), I’d managed to get her panties down halfway and that gave me enough leverage to let my tongue do it’s work. Of course, her panties and hosiery are cutting away at my throat like a pack of vicious rose thorns and I’m suffocating like Santa Clause suffering from an identity crisis (all while I attempted my best my best Mad Max impersonation on her clit) and so she decides to take it all off, wearing practically nothing but a dress. 

At one point I nearly kicked the lady sitting in-front of us, but that’s just one of the many necessary evils to spite 2000 years of moral progressivism. By the end of it all, I was just begging her to fuck me since we’d figured that the arm rests could come up, but she wouldn’t do it because quote, “the seats make too much noise." 

I mean, what dinner? [We’d already had make up sex at my place (after the tears had extinguished it’s lust) so we were too exhausted to do it again until this morning.] When I think about it, it was also the first time I’ve been to the cinemas with a girl. 

I really have no sense of class, do I?