---
id: "113246822325"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "depression 101."
summary: "depression 101."
date: "2015-03-10 11:08:48 GMT"
slug: "depression-101"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,recovery,writing,journal,proud"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1fU2L_r"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/113246822325/depression-101"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I am quite proud of myself today.

I was feeling rather depressed this morning, however I managed to pull myself out of my rut within a few hours and I’ve been feeling self-motivated again. 

I’ve developed this process in my mind that I go through whenever I get depressed and it usually takes a few hours, one day at most, before I come to my senses and regain focus on what is truly important in life and what my priorities and goals are. 

I always just ask lots of questions in my mind to try and figure out the root cause of my problem that I have created using faulty logic. 

Because of my bad memory, I often play the same scripts of bad logic in my mind again and again and again. So even If I address something one day, it’ll come back to haunt in me in a week and I’ll feel terrible again for the same silly reasons that I have now entirely forgotten. 

This is why I’ve learnt not to ruminate, because all you do is you end up cycling bad logic in your mind. If the original premise you have is faulty, then any other thoughts you have stemming from that can only be even more faulty and harmful. 

I’ve realised though that it’s not actually that I have bad memory. 

It’s more that I’m so focused on my goals that I lose perspective of everything around me. So when something trips me up, like when I lose focus or I have a bad day, I end up feeling lost and it’s like I need to spend the next few hours rediscovering my life purpose and to reprogram myself for productiveness. 

blah blah blah.