---
id: "107681985830"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "die."
summary: "die."
date: "2015-01-10 11:25:28 GMT"
slug: "die"
state: "published"
tags: "abuse,parents,depression,holiday,journal,writing,difficult"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1aIMBKc"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/107681985830/die"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I’m going to write, because if I don’t write, I will potentially go insane. I can’t take this anymore. I really can’t. 

I’ve learnt a lot from this trip. Perhaps a little too much for my liking, though I’m very grateful for the insight I’ve experienced. I guess I compare it to having a near-death experience or a major tragedy within your life. Picking up the pieces is never nearly half as fun, but when you’re thrown into the deep end like a boy being tortured by a school yard bully, it’s always easier to cope if you treat it like an unfortunate sport. 

It would require placing a handgun to my head to fully explain my trauma, however if we call the array of brain on the floor a sort of fatal “art” then I guess we can get away with it.

Let me start by saying that this is probably the most stressful “holiday” I’ve ever experienced, if anyone can possibly grace this experience with such a name. My patience is wearing thin and in fact, has been shattered and propped up many times, as my girlfriend’s psychopathic parents try their best to trap me like a bug under their unfathomable schemes and logic.

They must have to be the most immoral, twisted, hypocritical human beings I have ever come across and it’s honestly no wonder my girlfriend has severe mental issues. I have complete sympathy for those with difficult and abusive parents. The amount of bullshit I’ve had to deal with… I vow never to put myself into this position of complete inaptitude ever again. Of course, I signed up for this three week holiday, so I have no choice but to brace myself. 

To paint you a lovely picture of my situation, this is what I’m dealing with: 

Her father is a prick. He’s this miserable, abusive, overweight, ex-chronic smoker (up until recently) and let’s not forget, severe alcoholic. His doctor told him that he’s verging on type two diabetes, as well as a various number of other ailments, and yet he continues to eat and drink like an absolute pig. This man has incredible anger issues and his tolerance from his family and friends is testament to his insanity.

The amount of standard drinks this man consumes a day… is mind-boggling. I have never met a man so willingly unhealthy and benign to his own intellectual arrogance, ever in my entire life. For a man with such power and wealth, he barely knows the basic meaning of life. He spews so much bullshit from his mouth, his wisdom is nothing more than an ancient sewer of contradictory advice and bad euphemisms. 

Now the worst thing is, that it doesn’t matter what you do to try and please him, HE WILL find a way to make you wrong and feel like shit. It’s a vulnerability thing. He wants you to feel vulnerable and to demonstrate that he’s in-control over you. He’s 100% ego. He derives no other pleasure over life, other than to demonstrate how insecure of a man he is.

He’s a hollow shell with no soul, though it’s a hard shell that protects him from his own irrationality… even if it’s slowly killing him. 

Basically, he operates on a respect > truth basis, which as you’ll find out, is a rigged casino. Of course, his idea of “respect” is constantly fluctuating, so naturally, It doesn’t matter what you do, he just needs to express his own inner helplessness by abusing others. It is impossible to respect him, which is precisely what he wants, though I’m not even sure if it’s a conscious effort anymore. It’s also why he hates himself, as he simply has no respect for himself.

Yet this is what makes it so hard. If you do the “right” thing, he will find another angle to bring you down or what you do will clearly be inadequate for him. If you do the “wrong” thing, then of course you’re going to get a vocal belting. Oh gee, how unfortunate THAT HE NEVER FUCKING TELLS YOU IF WHAT YOU’RE DOING IS CORRECT OR NOT BECAUSE HE LIKE TO FUCKING TORTURE YOU. You just have to “figure it out yourself” whenever you piss him off, which is constantly something different. That’s how he keeps you vulnerable. He just “expects” that you get him, at least in “theory”.

The idea is to keep you in fear and it works. It fucking works and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. As a result, you become incredibly depressed and you can’t express yourself to him, and even to yourself in his presence, which he interprets as “not being grateful” and it’s like, what the fuck do you expect? You’re a fucking a central planner you asshole. Fuck you. 

The conflict is that since he doesn’t care about truth and communication, you know, like a normal healthy human being, I just have no idea how to act. Obviously I can’t be myself, because it offends him, but any time I try my hardest not to offend him, I still end up looking like a complete dick. This leads to apathy. You feel helpless. Slowly, you don’t really care about what happens, because you realise that no matter what happens, it’s a zero-sum game and he has the button. 

I’m not sure what’s been getting me through this. I think because I love my girlfriend so much. I love her, but my father is testing to my limits. I have no choice but to endure for my love, like a sort of fairytale romance. It certainly feels that way.

Now, the mother is a good-for-nothing housewife, who sucks up to her husband, because she lives in fear. In fact, he’s her primary source of fear. Yet in her mind, she realises that he’s the lesser of the two evils. Basically, she seeks security in her life and that’s the one quality she’ll chase above all. Forget the fact that she’s in a miserable marriage, as long as her husband provides that sense of security she longs her aka money, all other fears are bearable. 

Forget the fact that her husband is an abusive asshole. She does it for the money. So much so, that she loves shopping. They buy all sorts of hi-tech shit that they don’t need, just because he has the dough and that keeps them happy. In fact, it’s all they do and all they’ve done the entire time they’ve been up here in Queensland - go shopping in malls. Their idea of a “day out” is to go to a town and shop. 

If money is the one thing holding up a relationship, then god help it. I wouldn’t dare go through that sort of suffering. 

Their marriage is by far the most neurotic I have encountered. I would love to see them both suffer endlessly… but oh wait, they already do. I can’t wait for the day that my girlfriend moves out so that they can no longer take out their problems on her. 

I could honestly continue writing for the next ten hours about the intricacy of this situation, but it’s doing me no good. I’m alone now and I’m in peace. I personally just want to have some time alone, to think and ponder about the simplicities of life. 

I just want to be free.