---
id: "112296289565"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "dreams."
summary: "dreams."
date: "2015-02-28 07:32:05 GMT"
slug: "dreams"
state: "published"
tags: "dreams,idols"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ebOMKT"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/112296289565/dreams"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I had a very vivid dream last night that I guess, demonstrates a dilemma I’m currently facing. 

For my girlfriend’s birthday we want to go away for a weekend and rent a house in a really nice area. I won’t go into the specifics, however imagine this: 

Part 1: You’re on the side of a magnificent Scottish hill and you’re at this bar, a sort of shanty bar on the side of the road where there is no furniture and only two rooms built into the side of the mountain next to the road, with the magnificent view obviously on the other side. The sky is cloudy, yet the air-mist is refreshing. In the area is a small community of friendly and accepting people, drinking and creating a real sense of community and mateship. No one feels pleasured, but pleasantly artistic. 

There is a brilliant saxophonist who is playing the most amazingly vivid sounds of improvisation that man has ever heard. One person says « This is where all the greats have come to play at one time or another. » 

Part 2: Me and my girlfriend discover that in actual fact, this mountain a sort of resort/hotel and below, are hundreds upon hundreds of mini hobbit-like dwellings on the side of the hill to rent and stay at. Yet what makes this terrain so special is that far below is an increasing number of grey spikes, like ancient relics from the past. They divulge into an increasingly concentrated pit that no one has ever gone before. 

It is known as crevasse of life. 

These spikes become ever more vicious as they reach the centre, twisting and turning into horrid shapes, however as we’re so far up the mountain, there are no spikes here and it creates this sense of safety. None-the-less, these spikes are a beautiful spectacle, especially on top of the mountain from afar. 

Yet there’s something about these spikes that entice you. It’s like they contain this sort of… mysticism. It’s as if there’s some truth in them. Think of it like a volcano. People climb volcanos so they can see the lava at top - however the top is also the most dangerous place to be.

So we’re travelling between these hobbit houses, which requires us to crawl within this extremely claustrophobic deck. We can barely move and it’s getting to the point where it feels like a coffin. We check out the cabins and they’re fairly lacklustre and there are no windows, however the view outside is spectacular on the deck

We keep travelling when eventually reach near the bottom of the hill and there we find a single house on it’s own, sitting secluded in a magnificent spot near the bottomless pit of spikes. It is like a utopian haven of exploration and sincerity. This house gives us entire access to explore the crevasse of life, some a few metres tall. They naturally encroach the centre and what’s there, no one knows.

It is like an enchanted forest of rock. 

The owner comes down and I ask him how much it costs. He says it’s $500 a month and since we are only staying there for two days, I get a little worried. However since I love my girlfriend so much, I say that I will do it however this is where it gets weird.

My girlfriend becomes really demanding and pushy. In fact, she expects me to pay that amount and she becomes incredibly inconsiderate. Something in her changes. This portion of the dream ends.

Part 3: I’m at the top of the resort with my friend from high school and this girl from tumblr that I talk to (they play siblings in this dream) and anyway, all detail aside, what happens is that we eventually end up snuggling. Proper snuggling. She’s holding me from behind and we’re just lying on the deck and it is a beautiful moment.

I feel almost uncomfortable because I already have a girlfriend (however she’s not in the dream at this point). I know it could turn sexual, but there’s such a sense of comfort in the affection. It feels incredibly risky and I try and justify that it’s platonic and simply . I try to tell myself that it’s just a good feeling to be held and loved. I can almost feel a boner forming, then she immediately jumps us and says she randomly needs to go to the pool. I know deep down inside that she’s going to cry. 

Then I woke up. 

I felt odd afterwards. I don’t think it’s that I don’t think my girlfriend is enough, I just see it that I have so much passion, so much ambition, I just wish I could have it all. Part of it is my biology, I’m just wired to women. I love my girlfriend more than anything, but it’s just like I find it easy in my mind to dissociate and play fantasies in my mind. 

I fantasise a lot, however I don’t think I’ve ever fantasised about my girlfriend. I always have an amazing time with her, but it’s like she exists purely in reality, rather than in my mind as an idea or as an ideology. I wonder if it’s because I don’t want to make the same mistakes of the past, where I’ve idolised girls beyond who they really are.

Idolising my first girlfriend really messed me up and the problem is that it’s hard to dismantle idols. It’s like she’s still there as an ideal. It was my first love experience. Imagine as a child being drilled into you have to be pretty to be accepted as a person and then trying to change that. 

It’s like she’s a standard I’ve created in my mind that I’ve been trying to fight. I want to dissolve all standards, so it’s like I’m doing it for the good of our relationship. It’s just hard to contain the ambition and passion. I haven’t truly accepted myself.