---
id: "110712635745"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "ek."
summary: "ek."
date: "2015-02-11 10:25:46 GMT"
slug: "ek"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1d6-C5X"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/110712635745/ek"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today has been tiring.

I managed to completely rewrite my resumes and cover letters for the administration/call centre/sales roles that I’ve been applying for. I managed to get a phone call for an interview tomorrow for an Outbound sales position, then if that’s successful then I will get an interview Friday, which I believe is already on the books. 

Even though I initially dreaded it, I’m glad I’ve had to go through the experience of trying to find a full-time job. It’s an experience that everyone will have to go through at some point and it’s taught me so much about how to sell myself and what to write for different companies. 

It’s funny to think of my resume one month ago, compared to what it is now. It’s no wonder I got no offers. 

I learnt a metric shit tonne of French today, however it’s a work in progress. It’s one thing to recognise words, however to actually use them off by heart is a lot more difficult and French grammar is just incredibly elusive and complex. I keep learning so many new words each time I study, it’s sort of hard to test my knowledge. 

However I’m really enjoying it. This is a horribly boring post, however I figured I should write something down, lest I forget my dull existence. 

I can’t wait to move out with my friend so we can produce film together.