---
id: "104212623105"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "email."
summary: "email."
date: "2014-12-03 03:13:31 GMT"
slug: "email"
state: "published"
tags: "life,depression,ex girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1X3Zcy1"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104212623105/email"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I was writing an email to one of my close friends about how I feel and this was one of things I wrote:

“I think the issue is that I’ve created this perfect, idolised image of XXXX in my mind even though she represented something entirely horrible. It’s like, I don’t want to be anything like her, at all, yet she’s so enticing. I compare it to being in a relationship with a really trashy and destructive pop star like Brittney Spears, then breaking up because it was just a terrible thing emotionally and logically.

Initially you were attracted to the idea of dating a celebrity, but when the reality struck about how emotionally abusive and void the relationship was, something had to give. I really think it’s no different to girls who go for the bad guy - it’s all the image in their head. The problem is that we remain attached to their image long before we’ve forgotten about all the problems. Even then, we romanticise and place nostalgia value on the experience. It’s a sick twisted duality of the imagination. 

The biggest issue is that I’m incredibly impressionable. I can dissolve the image entirely, as I have for months now, but then something will trigger me that will re-establish the pattern and all the thoughts and feelings end up rushing back and I feel like I have to start again.”

I still feel hollow, but I’m taking today easy and I’m going to slowly crawl my way back. I can feel all of the dopamine trickling out of my ears, however I think I’m ready to take some real steps towards getting back to where I was one week ago. 
Life is beautiful, it’s all just a matter of perspective