---
id: "97458934269"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "ex."
summary: "ex."
date: "2014-09-14 09:00:48 GMT"
slug: "ex"
state: "published"
tags: "ex,break up,relationship,love,talk,recovery,guilt,shame,selfish,afraid,fear,insecurity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Qn0L7z"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97458934269/ex"
noteCount: "6"
format: "html"
---

I’d decided to speak to my first ex for the first time in 10 months and I’m so glad I took that step. So much of my guilt, so much of my fear, so much of my inner insanity, has just shredded itself overnight and it’s like I can finally breathe in-amongst the haze of my insecurity. When I think about it, I’d always wanted to talk to her and sort things out but I’d promised to give it at least one year and I simply couldn’t wait any longer. Never in my life do I want to relive anything like this again and quite arguably, it’s been the most difficult 10 months of my life. 

I used to think about her every single day, up until recently. She would eat away into my thoughts; sparing no mercy to the brooding sense of shame from within. I was under the impression that it was because I was insecure and desperate for love, but actually, it was something much more sinister. I think it was because I felt guilty and fearful about our break up. 

As with any conflict, there was a deep miscommunication between us and I was afraid that she’d hated me or blamed me for her woes. I just wanted her to be okay. I still care about her. I loved her so much down to the very bottom of her soul. Even two different relationships later, my feelings for her hadn’t subsided and so that’s when I knew I had to talk. Repression isn’t healthy. Now that we’ve talked and clarified some things however, she doesn’t enter my mind anymore. 

It was difficult getting her to speak again and I was just about ready to have a heart attack when I sent that first « hello », but I’m grateful that she didn’t completely shut me out. I now realise that she’s depressed beyond mortal understanding and I’m afraid her condition has gotten worse since our break up. It doesn’t help that she’s severely underweight as well; another recipe for disaster. She finds it very uncomfortable to talk about her feelings and her mood/energy is all over the place. She can barely compose herself on her best days. 

This is one of the paragraphs I wrote to her, which I feel says a lot about myself:

“My issue is with how I relate to people; I’m very empathetic. I always try to feel and put myself into other people’s shoes and that’s why I took your condition so personally. I took it personally because I had a very strong attachment to you emotionally and mentally. I recognize that it’s not healthy, but I was under the impression that I could be « above » your depression and that’s clearly bullshit. In the process of getting to know you and understand you, especially after our break up, I’d decided to become a part of you in the hope of getting closer to you in my mind and that didn’t end very well. »

I’m being very supportive and I’m trying my best to accommodate her and give her space. I realise that it’s not about me and my feelings, but about her recovery and getting better. The worst thing I can do is pressure her which is why we’ve stopped talking, but I’ve basically said that I’m here to talk/ignore if you ever need me. I hope that one day we can be happy and friends again, but I’ve accepted the reality it may not. 

I’m just relieved she’s okay. I don’t think anyone but herself will ever understand how she feels, but that’s an integral part of my own personal self-understanding: accepting and embracing the circumstances you’ve been given. At the very least, I understand her enough to realise that she needs time and space. I don’t feel so selfish and egotistical, thinking it’s all about how I feel anymore. I may not love her romantically, but I do love her as a person and it’s a love I wish only to express. 

I no longer feel guilty. I no longer feel sad. I no longer feel drenched in fear. Now, the next step is to discover the qualities of unconditional love. 

It’s a difficult journey for us all x