---
id: "105515370950"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "fallacy."
summary: "fallacy."
date: "2014-12-18 10:40:00 GMT"
slug: "fallacy"
state: "published"
tags: "happy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1YHDCd6"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/105515370950/fallacy"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Well, I think the fallacy is that doing a lot of work shouldn’t make me feel good about myself.

Rather, I should feel good about myself irrespective of what I do, no matter how I’m positioned in life. I should be proud of the very skin that holds my organs together, rather than the ideas my identity would try and coerce me to believe. I shouldn’t have to look in the mirror and think any less or any more of myself, simply because of who I think I should be.

I ‘am’ and there was nothing more I could do. 

I think there’s a very fine balance that a person has to maintain between acceptance and responsibility; the checks and balances our identity and emotions hold dearly to. 

I remember tripping quite intensely in my backyard one time, and my dog was chasing the chicken and turkey around. It sort of made me realise, that sometimes things need to be policed, otherwise they get out of hand. Of course, chickens and turkeys are harmless creatures, yet who is watching over the dog? 

Doesn’t policing become tiring? Well, I guess it’s about keeping these activities to a minimum. Otherwise it becomes more of a burden within itself, much more than it needs to be. Centralisation will kill us all. Arrogance, rather, is a byproduct of any amount of centralisation, which always leads to the sadies. Acceptance, happiness, you name it. Do not hoard that shit and please, do not corner the market. 

Do not incite fear, yet keep your distance close. A gun might also be necessary. 

We no longer become self-aware, only in name. We become attached to the notion of reality, rather than the functions of reality itself. This is when you have end game and crisis. 

Ah yes, political theory 101.