---
id: "104916719480"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "fine."
summary: "fine."
date: "2014-12-11 10:16:00 GMT"
slug: "fine"
state: "published"
tags: "life,I pretended I was Brad Pitt writing this"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1XjXXTu"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104916719480/fine"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

You tend to lose your senses without knowing it. You can be perfectly fine and ready to exploit the world come dawn, yet detonate and implore arrive noon. I wish life were a simple assortment of bitter candies, but I don’t really expect planned parenthood to treat me so well.

I did the usual. Double-spaced in pretty cursive upon my notepad. I bargained with the black devil like a poet with no soul. I’m still not quite sure how I feel, but I think it resonates peace. I get carried away very easily. I don’t feel like I’ve been honest with myself lately. Instead, I feel like I’ve been forcing myself into foreign dimensions; a place of spiders and fear, like a sharp pain with no outlet for expression.

It lingers to the worst of my ability; confound like a broken stick of butter onto a bleak summer’s surface. I want to be a good person. I want to live without fear. I want to embrace life and love it with all my heart. I want to be so full of passion and love, that I punch the wall before waking up to the demons in my bedroom.

Yet these are no demons. They are flowers to my consciousness. 

I love writing, because surprisingly enough, it’s a very relaxing form of intellectual stimulation (on the contrary, television merely agitates me). The same goes with reading. I sort of just absorb the information and on my fairy way I go. It doesn’t challenge who I am, because I know it’s this sick, perverted fabrication in my mind. If I want to fuck a donkey, I hold him by the legs and enter him. I love teasing words, but they are no children of mine. 

“Be impeccable with your word. Don’t make assumptions. Don’t take things personally. Try your best.”

The hardest part is not attaching yourself to the identity of your emotions. I like to play characters, but not in a good way. I become arrogant and insoluble. I open myself up to precious streams of sorrow and grief. Gee, didn’t you hear of story of the two dead ghosts? Soon, even your own sense of comfort isn’t enough to tame the madness screaming inside you. 

I am a passionate, though misguided human being. I am incredibly proud of who I am, not because I want to protect my identiy. No, I am proud because I feel it in my heart and it’s the kind of flame that cultivates love beyond any parameter life can explain. 

I will be fine.