---
id: "104220414205"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "fixed."
summary: "fixed."
date: "2014-12-03 04:52:00 GMT"
slug: "fixed"
state: "published"
tags: "self-awareness,depression,understanding"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1X41L3z"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104220414205/fixed"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I’m not sad or worried or anxious anymore. I feel really motivated to get stuff done! It’s a miracle!

I think that’s the great thing about self-awareness: You can just about figure out all your problems once you understand how all the basic concepts of the mind works. You don’t get angry at yourself. You don’t beat yourself up over how seemingly stupid you appear. You don’t have any of these feelings, because there’s an understanding of who you are in your mind and you accept it, even if the underlying feeling of depression is difficult.

For example, I understand that I’m really impressionable, so that when I fall back into the negative self-images in my mind, I don’t feel weak or impulsive. I understand that this is who I am and that there are many things I can do to get back on track.

In a sense, this is the weakness of self-awareness. It’s only a framework to grasp your solutions - not the solution itself. The hardest part is dealing with the anxiety and emotion while you’re depression. I think naturally you’re going to lose a few days before you re-compass your intentions, but I guess it’s better than losing a few years. 

I think it’s more handy to have a framework, because it’s impossible to remember and be consciously aware of the millions of different possibilities and outcomes in our mind. The cause of your emotional pain could be from a number of different issues and causes - not just one. That’s why using the same explanation every time doesn’t usually work. 

I believe there are two parts to recovering from depression: Understanding why you feel a certain way because of your beliefs, then using that information to reinterpret your current reality. Perspective is everything, no matter how bad reality may seem. We all have the ability to experience happiness, even if it feels like a false concept in our thoughts. 

I’m so grateful that I can just tell me girlfriend how I feel and she’s 100% completely accepting and understanding and doesn’t judge me. I don’t deserve her at all! Non-judgmental communication is crucial.