---
id: "100151970054"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "flowers."
summary: "flowers."
date: "2014-10-16 11:01:15 GMT"
slug: "flowers"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,writing,words,sci-fi,war,suffering"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1THXSa6"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/100151970054/flowers"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

The water dries like corrosive acid upon the face of disaster, as if to suggest that even the chemicals are conspiring to overthrow the precipice we’ve all come to admire. Bubbling like two toddlers in a vat of prepubescent pain, our young solider stands without commitment to the sword his father gave him long, long ago. Swathes of enemies, pure enemies, comprise his non-fatal vision. He is a enemy to all but himself and his sword; a partnership his life depends upon, if it weren’t for the drugs and details that pretend to offer him hope. 

Our solider doesn’t perceive death the way any mere mortal would. He is designed without any preconceptions of what it means to be human, let alone conscious. He has one concern and one concern only - to obliterate the pain he feels towards his enemy. 

Now, a lot of these soldiers, 800 million to be precise at this point, aren’t exactly… functioning as of late. They’ve started taking war, perhaps, a little too seriously. Some refuse to die, which I find absolutely preposterous. It is well know to the generals above that half the battle is not on the terrain laid waste to human atrocity, but rather upon the conflict that desire implants and coerces.

Hearts are secondary to human suffering. Some soldiers would rather live.

How do you make a reasonable, haphazard man blink when he is eternally blind to reason? A barrage of bullets hammers it’s way through a portion of unidentified flesh. Why won’t the smell adhere to my senses? A nightmarish scream fills the air.

Here lies the pit that once stood long ago; the kind of pit that warrants silence and reflection. We built our house upon these wars.

The flowers thank me everyday.