---
id: "108339508405"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "forward."
summary: "forward."
date: "2015-01-17 11:48:00 GMT"
slug: "forward"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,writing,journal,words,hope,dreams"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1avYRIr"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108339508405/forward"
noteCount: "6"
format: "html"
---

Today has been nice.

I got back to Melbourne last night and I’ve been spending today re-calibrating and developing my strategy… for life, I suppose. I want to find a full-time job. I want to work on my aspirations and dreams. I want to be happy and free and to pursue a life that allows me full expression over my true intentions and desires. 

I think the reason why people lack hope in their lives, is because they don’t have a verifiable strategy as to how they’re going to achieve their goals and dreams. People become obsessed with the images of grandeur in their mind, as opposed to the realities of life and it’s challenges. There’s a method to everything and the prospect of becoming something more than we already are overwhelms us.

The hardest part is making that first step and I believe it’s because most people have difficulty embracing doubt. We want everything to be calculated and certain, as if our future is already written out for us onto a slate of preposition. We want participation, rather than discovery. It’s a very fearful way of living life. 

On the contrary, if you have a strategy in place, then it makes the seemingly impossible, actually seem manageable. 

It was very much the same thing with my depression. I hit a point where I knew that something was wrong and that I had to change, even though I didn’t know what or how I was going to achieve my own happiness. I was desperate, and in response, I was willing to do everything in my power to change that. 

If you work on the small things everyday, like learning to become self-aware, then you may not be happy within a week or even a year, but eventually all these skills add up and you learn to control who you are. 

Knowledge has a very accumulative effect. In the beginning, it just made me feel more confused, however near the end, the epiphanies about who I was and all my problems just came out of nowhere and everything began to slowly make sense. 

Mastery takes time and most certainly, time should not be viewed as the enemy. 

I think the most profound development in my life over this past month is that I’ve stopped obsessing over my ex. Some days she would hint in my memory and other days she would plague me for hours in guilt and shame. Now however, it’s like she’s just gone. She doesn’t concern me in the slightest. Just earlier I was looking through some old files and I found all the old pictures I had of her and usually that would trigger me, but I didn’t really think much of it. 

I feel like I’m more mature than that. I feel like I have so much more to experience and offer to life. I want to be a person of confidence, a genuine sort of confidence that doesn’t live in fear and doubt.

I also want to take heaps of drugs, especially those psychedelics. It’s been so long since I’ve smoked weed, I feel like a putz.