---
id: "113776406700"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "girl."
summary: "girl."
date: "2015-03-16 10:30:34 GMT"
slug: "girl"
state: "published"
tags: "girl,writing,journal,work"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1fzcZ2i"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/113776406700/girl"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

There’s this girl at work who I find particularly attractive. Not so much physically, though I do think she is relatively pretty. We just get along really well and it’s a huge perk that she always enjoys my incredibly dry sense of humour.

I know for a fact that she’s wildly obsessed with me and admittedly it’s something I’ve been playing on. 

She doesn’t know that I have a girlfriend and I know, it’s a horrible thing to do but at the same time, I’ve never had a girl desire me in this way and not once have we talked about dating so I’m keeping it strictly platonic.

It’s so obvious though, to the point that I honestly feel like the woman in the friendship. I have zero desire for her, I would much rather spend my time learning French. 

I know she’s either already in-love with me or she’s desperately trying to find a way to date me, but I make it incredibly difficult for her.

It’s not that I intentionally avoid her, but I just don’t take any care to maintaining our relationship. Quite frankly, I am at work to earn money, not socialise with others.

She asks me to hang out with her at lunch, but I tell her that I usually spend my lunch sitting at my cubicle learning French, which is entirely true and it’s something I prioritise above other activities. 

One time she put a stick-it-note on my computer screen, praising me with a love heart on it.

She’ll occasionally come over to my cubicle and dish a compliment and she always ends up playfully touching me in some way. Hand on the shoulder. On the leg. Shaking me, as if I’m not entirely aware of her lust.

I find it kind of funny that in-spite of her mental stability, I do believe she is completely oblivious and gullible to her own emotions. That’s okay though, because I was exactly the same way about women and probably still am. 

Still, I do not trust her because I know deep down inside that she’s a massive psychopath. While I have elements of being a psychopath, I’m much too empathetic to be a killer. 

Put simply, I 100% do not trust anyone who does not crumble. I crumble on a regular basis, not because I am weak, but because I am human. 

She would much rather hang you and cut your throat well before she ever let you, let alone herself, get hurt. Our humanity is the most important thing and while it’s incredibly easy to put on an act, it takes real courage to simply give yourself up. 

Neurotic and beautiful.