---
id: "108068482825"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "graduate."
summary: "graduate."
date: "2015-01-14 11:23:00 GMT"
slug: "graduate"
state: "published"
tags: "university,graduate,monash,fuck ya"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1afOYy9"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108068482825/graduate"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I just applied to graduate and I’ve decided that I’m not going to attend my graduation ceremony. It was a particularly brutal degree, though I guess there’s a level of pride in my proceeding. 

I have a lot of resentment towards university. I always thought of it as an archaic institution that interfered with my personal development. I’m very much about reading books and self-learning, rather than having some person tell me how to think. Though, some people like that. 

I never really made any friends at university and half the people I encountered, never should have been there in the first place. Actually, I did meet some wonderful people, though on the whole I wasn’t terribly enthusiastic. I simply cannot handle the mainstream aspects of society. 

I was always the radical in the class. People were always enticed by what I thought. I always questioned the status quo and my ideas were usually vastly contrary to everyone else’s ideas. I don’t get along with most people politically, even my girlfriend. 

In fact, I usually keep my mouth shut. 

Most of my education and character has come from the internet. Marijuana and acid has helped me along the way, however drugs are no longer an appeal to me. A sober mind is an effective mind.

In fact, my greatest learning experiences over the past 4 years has been a) overcoming my depression and b) pursuing love. Those are the two major events which have defined my tertiary experience and everything else pales in comparison. 

I remember I would spend each class practicing my handwriting. It’s how I’d flirt with girls. They’d lean over and tell me how wonderful my cursive is, and then I’d tell them that I write poetry for girls and you can literally see the awe light up on their face. 

I went up to a girl in the state library and I handed her a note saying “You beauty is like fireworks to my eyes x” and the glee in her eyes was magical. 

I put no effort into my degree. I mean, I never wanted to do it in the first place, however I had to appease my mother. I’m glad it’s all over. I have a clear vision of the future I want to lead. With my talent and experience, I should be able to get just about any entry-level job I want.

I think this shall be a most wonderful year :)