---
id: "110769852025"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "group."
summary: "group."
date: "2015-02-12 01:34:43 GMT"
slug: "group"
state: "published"
tags: "group,interview,sales,job"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1dAPSvv"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/110769852025/group"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I just finished this group interview for this sales job and I absolutely killed it. If only they gave me a gun, could I then finish the recruitment people off and maybe the people in the next office too.

As per usual there was the cake-faced quirky girl who was incredibly nice and we were put in groups together and I think we would make really good friends. 

There was the incredibly hot, professional girl who was tall and thin and tanned was just perfect in every way, as she went on a tirade to project as many buzzwords as possible. 

There were the two really weird guys who had incredibly bad teeth and loose mannerisms. This one guy honestly would not shut up and he went on a 10 minute binge, explaining how great Lord of the Rings is. 

These two women have no chance in hell of getting a call back. One of them simply didn’t talk and the other one didn’t show enough interest. 

I came across as someone who was interested and proactive. I wasn’t the loudest voice, however I was the most effective. I was the only one in group discussions who bothered to ask the more experienced sales people what their opinions were and I tried to be attentive.

My only issue is that I don’t think I smiled very much, though I hope it didn’t come across as cold.

Regardless, I think I will be starting a full-time job come next Monday and I think there is a large possibility that I will enjoy it and do well. 

Also, it has come to my attention that my girlfriend is stunningly gorgeous and that I am so lucky to have her. 

Anyway, since the interview was in the city, I am happy to confirm that I have come to the library for another day, to exercise my expression in French and write some more articles so I can be incredibly rich before I reach 30. Then I’ll be able to afford to buy my girlfriend the breast job she’s always wanted.

Life ain’t so bad.