---
id: "109432812950"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "happy."
summary: "happy."
date: "2015-01-28 23:35:00 GMT"
slug: "happy"
state: "published"
tags: "state library,melbourne,sex,love,girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1bwj3MM"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/109432812950/happy"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today is a happy day. 

The cloud are beautiful outside to the backdrop of a watercolor sky. There’s nothing more gracious than a humble blue. 

I’m really proud of myself. It would have been easy for me to simply give up and become frustrated with the fact that I no longer enjoy certain things in my life and wallow. Instead, I’ve chosen to change who I am and keep fresh. 

I’m going to head to the state library today and study all day. I’m going to learn French and read books and write articles for my depression website. I really like the content I’m creating for my website. It’s going to be brilliant by the end of this year. 

I’ve been eating super healthy and I’m so happy that I’ve decided to give up orgasm. It’s always an amazing feeling for me. I don’t like becoming a slave to dopamine, it never feels right to me. I think after a while, sex loses it’s meaning. I never feel like I’m having sex to embrace my girlfriend, but because it just feels good.

I really want to go on picnics and do things that bring out what my relationship means to me. I’ve always been attached to the idea of sex, especially since I only lost my virginity last year and was wildly obsessed with porn, however now that I’ve experienced it to a large degree, I feel like it isn’t who I am as a person. 

I enjoy sex, but I also don’t like things that are inherently self-indulgent for the sake of pleasure. I enjoy doing things because they’re beneficial, rather than because they feel good. I guess the difference is that I feel good when I do beneficial things, but feeling good from just orgasm, is ultimately shallow in the end. 

I guess I want to focus on our love in different ways that don’t involve sex. It would be a shame not to.