---
id: "107826610745"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "hurt."
summary: "hurt."
date: "2015-01-11 21:47:21 GMT"
slug: "hurt"
state: "published"
tags: "sad,depression,writing,journal,feelings"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1aQzu8v"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/107826610745/hurt"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I just want to say, I love people who use words to express themselves. I think it’s brilliant and it’s a joy to see words endlessly transpire into an array of beautiful imaginations. 

Of course, this isn’t the reason for my writing now. I merely wanted to start with a positive, because I’m very sad and on the verge of tears. It makes me sad to use these words to describe such pain, but my feelings are important to me regardless of how hurt they are. 

I feel hollow. My heart feels like an endless sink-hole. Everything feels numb. I don’t really want to live. I just want to sit here and cry. I want to cry until I dissolve into the floor and pretend that everything is okay. I feel trapped. I’d rather be the floor, where no one can hurt me.

I guess it’s this nice feeling of numbness. It sort of tingles throughout my whole body, as I slowly drift away into a happier place.

The further I move away in my mind, the more my body tingles and the lighter I feel. I don’t like it here on the couch. Nothing is pleasant. Nowhere is safe. I’m desperately trying to seek hope, so that things may make sense to me, however running away in my mind is the next best thing I can manage.

I’m not a bad person, so I don’t know why someone could be so cruel to make you feel so worthless. I don’t understand what purpose it serves, to hurt another man who is nothing short of vulnerable. I am victimised no matter what I do and you can imagine how that can affect a man. There is no grace or sincerity in anything that I experience. I don’t understand how someone could be so spiteful towards another person, in the pursuit of any nature.

Of course, twisted natures produce twisted people and I have not been blessed with the privilege of such freedom in this regard. 

He has the mindset of a slave owner. He’s happy to buy you things, like dinner and take you on trips (aka own you), and then in the process, remind you that you’re worthless for having these things, because they are not your things, they are his.

What buggers you is the false sense of security he lulls you into. He makes you feel comfortable, as if he’s doing it out of the love of his heart. You think that this time will be different. You think, “This is really nice, what a nice thing he’s doing.” However at the very last moment, he’ll lecture you on how money is power and that you’re a worthless piece of shit because it’s his money, not yours. 

He’s a sadistic fuck and he’s not subtle about it. 

So, you try to distance yourself. You stay away from his comforts. You spend less to try to limit his influence. Of course, this makes him very angry, because he feels like he no longer has any control over you. This is because he’s no longer able to tell you how worthless you are. Naturally, this makes him irrationally angry so he lashes out at you for no particular reason, other than to feel self-important.

It’s a lose/lose situation. Now you know why I’m sad.

I’m not a hateful man. I’m not full of hate for others. I want to see people succeed and I don’t do it using fear and anger. I don’t want to isolate people. I want to give them the ability to believe in themselves, through confidence and self-esteem. 

I’ve tried rationalising everything. I’ve tried to make sense of the madness and every time, the madness always wins. I need like weed or something. I’ve stopped caring about everything. 

I’m sorry for these words.