---
id: "104021287390"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "ill."
summary: "ill."
date: "2014-11-30 23:13:23 GMT"
slug: "ill"
state: "published"
tags: "mental illness,depression,images lul"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Wu9k7U"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104021287390/ill"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So, I’m in the process of creating a website to help people with depression. It’s a lot of hard work, but it’s something that’s going to make me a lot of money in the future and it’s good, honest work. 

I think it will be highly effective, because it’s a framework that everyone can use, something I have personally used, that explains how our emotions and beliefs truly work. When you think about it, mental illness is a misunderstanding of who you are. It was only once I begun to understand how my mind worked, that I could begin to put the pieces together. There’s no point knowing you’re mentally ill, if there’s no purpose in your effort. 

You see, the why is less important than the how. The why is entirely speculative, but the how is the science of the operation. The why is what keeps people trapped in their condition for entire lifetimes. 

I think it’s kind of sad to see people who are mentally ill, because in a sense it’s a benign choice, yet choice is irrespective of the following consequence. You can be ignorant about crossing a road with a blindfold on, however that doesn’t lessen the impact of getting hit by a car. 

I still struggle with my consciousness at times, but I have all the tools I need to eventually dissolve these beliefs. It just takes a lot of perspective and learning. I feel I’m certainly 90% through with my problems, but it’s the last 10% that takes real skill. Cognitive therapy is a harsh mistress.