---
id: "104957578410"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "Jon."
summary: "Jon."
date: "2014-12-11 22:47:00 GMT"
slug: "jon"
state: "published"
tags: "It's nice and sunny and I can taste the clarity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1XlzOog"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104957578410/jon"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I feel happy.

I discovered yesterday that I’m a brutal combination of Daria and Jon from Garfield. On the one hand, I’m completely unsettled and chaotic with my emotions. On the other, I’m also hilariously cynical about the whole thing.

There’s a material realism in a pessimistic attitude that simply cannot be expressed in any other way. Doubt and uncertainty is a way to draw people in. It creates a sense of urgency which I find disturbing, considering that our potential is what makes us special, rather than our limitations as fools under a deceitful sun. 

I don’t think I’m truly jaded as an individual. I have this idea in my mind that I’m merely playing this big, lovable character. I always pretend I’m someone else in my mind. I’ll write articles with James Bond in mind or I’ll pretend that I’m the worst nightmare to have ever been conjured, when really I’m only hoping to encourage the words to flow with brilliance. 

I think I’m insecure about myself. I feel like I’m not good enough or talented enough to be the things that make headlines. I feel like the ultimate compromise to a terrible punchline. I wonder if wit is a natural function or an inner crumbling of the tears which roll like thunder inside my heart of merciless contempt…

I just hope that these words are enough to redeem my less subtle features. May as well entertain while I burn up into flames.

Kitty Kat ^.^