---
id: "112684407630"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "l'image."
summary: "l'image."
date: "2015-03-04 10:00:53 GMT"
slug: "limage"
state: "published"
tags: "life,relationship,girlfriend,love,writing,journal,image"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1eyWvjE"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/112684407630/limage"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Does anyone know the band Weatherbox? 

My music tastes very rarely change, but I can’t stop listening to them. Anyway, I’m writing this post today because I discovered something very significant about my relationship. 

Firstly, I need to remind myself that after I finish writing this post, I’m going to finalise a few depression articles for the website. Then I want to study some French and appropriately, I will read some more Zero Hedge if I have the time. 

I was thinking today about why I don’t fantasise about my girlfriend. It’s funny because these little epiphanies sort of appear out of nowhere. At the same time, it’s like all my thoughts and epiphanies have sort of progressed from the very first moment I experienced love, so it’s exhilarating to say the least. 

Anyway, I’ve literally never fantasised about my girlfriend to any capacity, yet I’m constantly fantasising about other girls on the train or even if I’m feeling horny, about the women in porn. I doubt I’ve ever masturbated to a picture of my girlfriend or even thinking about her - I just don’t see the appeal aside from sex. 

I mean, we have the most incredibly intimate and sensual sex that is constantly getting better all the time and whenever I’m with her she makes me feel amazing and giddy but it’s like… she’s never in my mind when I’m not with her? 

If my brain was twitter she would not be a trending topic. 

Then it sort of made sense to me. I used to think I was this way because I was afraid of turning her into an idol or a god in my mind, like I did with my ex girlfriend. I ended up getting burnt and yet her image has always come to plague me and it’s something I’ve been battling with since. 

I still wonder if building gods is a bad thing, however I think my main issue is that I actually don’t have a definite idea of who my girlfriend is. 

What I mean to say is that if you were to mention her name, I would only be able to think of the label ‘girlfriend’ in my head and little else. I mean, I know she is the most amazing individual, however it’s like I haven’t defined her in my mind. 

I haven’t taken the time to describe our relationship or even who she is as a person. I think what made my first relationship so potent and deadly is that because we couldn’t physically be together, all I really had was description to try and mold and define who we were. 

All I did was define who we were and naturally that created a strong sense of who we were relative to each other. With my girlfriend however, it’s as if there is no necessity for description. We are happy when we are together, however it’s like she disappears out of mind once I’m back working during the week, simply because of how focused I am.

I don’t have any cues to remember her by. There’s nothing that really stands out in my mind, even though she has so much to stand out for. It’s like she’s an empty blank in my mind, respective of the overwhelming sense of love and joy I feel when I’m with her.

I guess I rely on images to a large extent because of my poor memory. It’s like the reminder of who I am and who she is. 

One thing I want to start doing is writing more poetry to describe the love I have with her and to play around with the lore of our relationship. It’s like I romanticise just about everything in life but my relationship. So it’s like I have no narrative to attach to, no fantasy, no imagery of who she is. 

So at work today, I tried to picture the essential qualities of who she is and I created this cute/romanticised idea of who she is in my mind. I felt super giddy just thiking about this image of her. 

I sat there and started thinking about her and focusing on this image and I literally started laughing and I had the biggest smile and feeling of happiness on my face, just thinking about how much I love her and special she is to me. 

I believe this is a feeling I need to work on and constantly develop. I need to learn to appreciate and really love who my girlfriend is, because she is the most special person in my life right now and to waste these feelings that I have of her would be a massive tragedy in any case. 

I want to feel her down to my bone and this is one step down the right direction, I think.