---
id: "106774270180"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "liver."
summary: "liver."
date: "2015-01-01 06:25:05 GMT"
slug: "liver"
state: "published"
tags: "holiday,travel,brisbane,sydney,melbourne,seduction"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ZSFX3a"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/106774270180/liver"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I still read a lot of books on seduction and human behaviour, even though I’m already in an amazing relationship with someone I love dearly. I think the term seduction has a bad rap, for it’s sleaziness and false demure. Already, I’m picturing some bearded freak wearing a fedora, eyeing me down like a fat person at a buffet. I personally see seduction as a method of exploring my sexuality, not only by getting to understand myself, but by increasing the available communication with my girlfriend. 

No longer is there this concrete ideal of what a man should be in the 21st century. Our role for women is now entirely ambiguous and studies have discovered that more than 200+ reasons a woman may or may not be attracted or aroused to another person. On the other hand, It’s pretty simple for most guys. It’s nearly always physical by nature and definitions of physical beauty usually transcend race, culture etc. We like the big tits and the curves. Deal with it. 

With women however, there has been no conclusive pattern for what they find attractive. To make matters worse, studies have also discovered that some women don’t even realise they’re being aroused, when exposed to the things that make them horny. We fucked. 

I cannot even tell you how lucky I am to have a girlfriend, let alone a person who understands and appreciates who I am. I have a very bad memory, so I forget how hard it was to find her through all the terrible scores of dates and self-discovery, but I’m really glad I put in all that effort dating, just so I can prevent decades of struggle, trying to find someone single and with my personal tastes (or rather in the employment world “whatever I can do to help you”). 

She has this gorgeous middle eastern face, with a pair of lips that provide kisses more luscious than the sun. She also got nice kitties. *wink wink* 

Most of all, what makes any bond special, is that we live through honesty and confidence and it’s taught me so much about what having a normal fulfilling relationship is all about. Of course, normal is not to be confused with average. 

I’m currently staying at a caravan park, here in on the border of New South Wales and Queensland. I’m fucking melting as I write this, however it’s a pleasure I’m sure to miss when I return back to Melbourne. It freaks me out, because I bought a penny board and I freak out every time I ride it, cause I think I’m going to face plant, but it’s always so much fun and I’m going to stop writing now.