---
id: "101274353225"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "love."
summary: "love."
date: "2014-10-29 19:14:20 GMT"
slug: "love"
state: "published"
tags: "Love,relationship,girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1UKQ-v9"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/101274353225/love"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I’m honestly so incredibly lucky to have my girlfriend. To have found someone that I can comfortably spend the rest of my life with, someone who not only accepts but embraces who I am; to have found someone who has the same intensity for life and love that I do… is truly a blessing beyond words. 

I don’t see it as a right, but as a privilege of the strictest of senses. I never really believed in marriage or romance as a child growing up. I thought it was all bullshit. I remember telling my mother that I’d never wanted to fall in-love, because of all the fighting and agony that seemed to be going on in my family. 

However to experience everything I used to stand against for, to have it all obliterated and turned on it’s head… just feels so incredibly magical. 

I seem to love my girlfriend more and more each passing day. It’s funny, because I used to try and find reasons not to love my girlfriend. I’d compare her to other girls in my mind. I’d reminisce about my ex. I’d think of all the lost opportunities as a consequence of this relationship. Yet the more I looked, the more I realised how perfect she truly was. 

It made me realise that she was the girl, the life I’d always wanted all along and that I wanted nothing more or nothing less. Just her and her beautiful touch; every single morning of every single day.

Like most things in life, I’ve always been a grave cynic. Yet somewhere along the way, I’ve just about been proved wrong in every one of my pursuits. Certainly my ideas underpinning love and relationships has been most volatile. I’m glad I’ve been proved wrong. So incredibly glad.

I love her so much and I know it sounds gay as fuck, but it’s true. I love you with all my heart and you always make me feel so proud. You’re the greatest inspiration I’ve ever had and it doesn’t feel cheap… only plentiful down to your very touch