---
id: "110534716060"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "ly."
summary: "ly."
date: "2015-02-09 12:42:54 GMT"
slug: "ly"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,literature,books,reading"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1cyOUgS"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/110534716060/ly"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I’ve noticed that whenever I feel lonely, I tend to surround myself with literature. When I’m reading, it feels as if my reality has dissolved into an intangible mess of… 

I wonder though if the internet and technological communication has actually made us more lonely, rather than more accustomed to who we are as people. 

Human connection is important on some level, but the compromise with the constant consumption of the internet is that it often feels like we’re force-feeding ourselves information like we’re in some sort of global pig-pen. 

In the end, the true connection that we have with ourselves manages to deteriorate and in the process, lost to the opinions and images of others. 

In the past you could probably suffice being alone with just a book or a bad memory from the past. I guess radio and television managed to create this real sense of world, as a more defining means of expression. The internet on the other hand, simply distorts and enhances everything to the point of inhumanity. 

Like most things, it’s how you use it and failure to adapt to technology will effectively render you malade. Yes, because humans will become partially robotic once we figure out how truly inefficient we really are. In a sense, technology renders us useless. 

Perhaps life is just one big waste of time… efficiency we allow to be wasted.