---
id: "100053285100"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "meaning."
summary: "meaning."
date: "2014-10-15 04:05:48 GMT"
slug: "meaning"
state: "published"
tags: "words,meaning,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1TBe-Zi"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/100053285100/meaning"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I can’t say I struggle to find meaning. Meaning itself is a crock of shit, which is why I generally avoid anything that pertains to be of “greater value” than what can currently be grasped with my own emotions and feelings. Any sort of moral arrogance is going to lead to the array of mental disorders that take place in current day suburbia. I don’t feel like this sort of “worship” is a true appreciation of what life has to offer and instead, is a great source of misery for those traditionally inclined. 

Growing up, I certainly went through the crushing depression, preceded by an overwhelming sense of brutal nihilism, but these are just phases that people go through in order to reach the other side of enlightenment. As disgusting and abhorrent as these phases are, I’m glad I even had the opportunity since most people stagnate and die an early death to the sweet tunes of insincerity. A lot of people get stuck at depression, which is sad, though I guess it’s a very “survival of the fittest” way of looking at existence.

Some are happy. Others are laid neatly against the train tracks. 

Meaning itself is not mutually exclusive and shouldn’t be treated as a sacred artifact by any means. I think it’s more useful to think of the utility and embrace of life and what interpretation itself means to your half-hearted existence. If we as humans are somewhat cornered by the limitations of reality, then why throw it away with any amount of judgement or frustration? 

I’m so grateful for everything I have and it’s this sense of responsibility, not entitlement, which flourishes within individuals who care not to go insane. Opportunity makes me proud. 

On the most part, I’m a happy guy. I have my limits, sure. I’m highly introverted and when I feel like my time is up, my emotions wither a constructive “regathering” and I wallow it out into an ensuing silence.

It’s advised that I make the most of my biological function. Eating healthy, exercising etc. will allow me to make the most of the time that my space allows. 

The more I think about it, the more I realise that the reason I feel so good is because of how everything in my life inspires me. I think that’s so important; to have life compel you to want more - be it spiritually or contextually. 

The simple things inspire me. My vision. Reality. Knowledge. Life itself is a sort of curiosity which seemingly remains unbeknownst to us all. 

I also love making my girlfriend squirt, though changing the bed sheets is the absolute worst.