---
id: "108776837875"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "merit."
summary: "merit."
date: "2015-01-22 00:02:00 GMT"
slug: "merit"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,motivation,praise,appreciation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1bJcjBp"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108776837875/merit"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I’m going to write this post because it’s going to make my life that much easier.

I have a significant issue with myself. On the one hand, I’m incredibly ambitious and hard working and as a result, my mind is focused and preoccupied on the small tasks I setup for myself everyday, as part of the laborious maze of letters and incomprehensible symbols laid out in masonic hegemony. In fact, this maze is so complex and far-reaching, that it makes it incredibly difficult to view my goals and dreams from a holistic point of view. You know, the end game.

It’s easy to say: “I’m going to become a freelance writer” however getting there is a process with many twists and turns. You never know if your decisions are correct or not and you spend so much time on nibbling upon these little aspects that you forget why you’re even bothering in the first place. 

Anyway, as you can imagine, I get stuck in this maze from time to time and that’s when I start to break down into a flurry of stress and conglomeration. Now, for the interesting part and this is a conclusion I’ve come to myself. I personally think all my issues stem from a failure to praise and appreciate the prior effort I put in. 

Perhaps the worst culprit is my mother and I wonder if she’s the reason I’m so instilled with pessimism. She never praises me, under any condition. All she does is point out my flaws and it’s gotten to the point where I don’t even respond to her anymore, as she tirelessly rips me to shreds. 

I’ve tried reasoning with her, but it’s like preaching to a blank wall and so I guess I find it best to vaguely pretend I’m listening, while taking none of her words personally. Furthermore, she’s so beyond hypocrisy that I’ve come to realise there’s no arguing with an intellectually crippled tyrant.

I try and do things based on their merit, however because of my “living in the moment” short memory, the past to me is a very hazy blur. I think it’s a defense mechanism more than anything, to block out all the evil in my past. I get praise from others to varying degrees, but it sort of flies past my head, since my mind is just so… wired to the curb. 

So fuck that, I’m not useless. I have so much in life to look forward to:

- I’m in an amazing relationship with the most dreamy girl I could ever imagine. We barely have disagreements and above all, I can be my complicated self and she loves me entirely for it. 

- I’m a talented writer. I can just about write anything if I put my mind to it. All I’m lacking is a credible portfolio, but that’s not going to be the end of me. I develop the skills and copy-writing prowess over the next year and become a superstar. 

- I’ve been eating incredibly healthy and I’ve been working out and I feel amazing. I don’t smoke, I don’t eat junk food and I would eat off these abs with I could. 

- I have a solid framework for my goals and dreams, however just because I have a structure in place, doesn’t mean I don’t need to put effort into building my business. My depression website is basically 99% created, I just need to post daily content. 

- I have so many different passions and hobbies, that I don’t even have the time to appreciate them. 

- I own a GameCube. I know, right. 

I need to stop thinking in terms of merely completing tasks, because that’s a very pessimistic point of view. Instead, I need to see it from the point of view of the whole picture and the correlation between my effort and my life goals. 

Alriiiiight. Now I’m going to have a coffee and write some content :)