---
id: "108727928920"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "monet."
summary: "monet."
date: "2015-01-21 11:45:00 GMT"
slug: "monet"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,copywriter,job,career,help me!,melbourne"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1bGi8XO"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108727928920/monet"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m feeling incredibly stressed at the moment. I decided that I was going to take a day off to indulgence myself in life’s trivial obscenities and as a result, it’s made me feel queasy like a duck on the bender. I mean, that’s what most people do when they’re stressed, right? Just not do anything for a day, while the mind goes off into it’s own little world of fornication and self-detriment? 

Never again. I’ve come to realise that I hate lounging around. Still, I managed to apply for this job I really wanted and so hopefully that goes well.

I have this sinister inability to relax. Whenever I cease all thought, my neurons wheeze like a slow agitation against the soul. It’s blisteringly hot in this room right now and I can barely think beyond the perimeter of my skull. It feels like my thoughts are engulfed in a trepidatious lava, as I sink into a sort of claustrophobia haze; a death even coffins never hope to permit. 

I need to be doing something. Reading a book, swimming in an ocean of grief, anything to keep the mind afloat in this world of bad opera. Oh please, someone dare save me from this lonely puzzle!

I write like such a wanker. I promise I can be cool. lul. 

My career situation worries me, though irrationally so as I’ve come to know it. I have intense feelings of mental paralysis, due to the high expectations I set for myself. I know I have incredible talents and motivations to offer to the world, however there simply aren’t enough opportunities for my expression.

I want to destroy shit, man. I want to be riding my badass canon to work, as a murder senior citizens on the sidewalk. Don’t forget my little box of redheads because I want to burn shit too. 

Ideally I’d like to be working with a company were I can serve as a writer and a creative. Instead, I may have to just go with an admin or sales position while I get my portfolio in order. 

It’s like, I don’t want to settle for second best. I really want to become a copywriter, because it’s everything I’d be good at. I’m full of ideas and I’m full of words. I’m like a cream eclair of hireable goodness. 

There’s so much that I want to achieve in my life and it’s constantly terrifying me. I become so involved in this process of meticulation, that I often lose sight of what my goals truly are. 

a) I want to start writing for my website to help people with depression.

b) I want to start writing feature pieces for my portfolio.

These are my two ultimate goals, though it’s in my best interest to get paid while I develop my creative skills as well. In any case, administration isn’t so bad. 

Everything is merely a stepping stone towards securing the ultimate status any god can obtain: 

Eventual mortality.