---
id: "101277719935"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "mornings."
summary: "mornings."
date: "2014-10-29 20:02:00 GMT"
slug: "mornings"
state: "published"
tags: "gotta give it to jesus,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1UKdrr-"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/101277719935/mornings"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

It’s 6:50am. I’ve had my warm water/lemon/bullshit drink and I’m just about ready to break a small child’s neck. 

I’m up nice and early. I figure that I don’t want to take my life for granted. I’ve just about been using all my spare time to do productive things, like learn and read and work towards my goals. I’m focused and I have my mind firmly set on the future. 

I don’t want to be living in a world of regret in one year’s time. I mean, I recently bought Black Ops 2 and Smash Bros for 3DS and they’re great n’ all (OMG COD IS SO GOOOD) but I realise that there’s so much more depth to life, so much more to discover. 

I guess I like having those games and activities available to me, not because they distract me, but because they serve as a reminder as to how much fun there really is in the world. When I think of all the beauty, all the opportunity, all the enjoyment to be had in the millions of pieces of entertainment, it almost reminds me that there’s so much we can do in life and that we have so much choice as to how we can experience all the amazing goodness in this world. 

I know, you could possibly say I’m delusional, but put it this way - once you realise that attitude is a choice, not a consequence, you can choose to be anyone you damn well want to be. 

It’s funny to think how I’m no longer depressed. I think it’s a skill, not a miracle. It took me a long time to come to this point and I remember hitting a certain low in my life and realising that there’s nothing more important than my emotional health and that I’m going to do everything in my power to change it, no matter what the expense. I spent the better part of a year reading about self-awareness, understanding the way emotions and feelings work and above all, learning to be comfortable with who I am. 

I thought of the long term benefits. I thought of the amount of time I’d wasted on feeling down and sad. I didn’t want to feel helpless or useless. Now I have all the tools and techniques to refrain from emotional reactions. It’s a miracle. It truly is.

I would also like to thank Jesus for inspiring my masturbation routine.