---
id: "106894415455"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "nooooo."
summary: "nooooo."
date: "2015-01-02 10:47:06 GMT"
slug: "nooooo"
state: "published"
tags: "holiday,writing,brisbane,fashion,sleep,kill meeee"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ZZPrPV"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/106894415455/nooooo"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So like, my girlfriend says that Spanish girl looks thirteen. Ah shucks, I guess it wouldn’t be the first time I ended up in county jail.

I suppose that’s the one thing I don’t like about this holiday. There’s this inherent lack of freedom. It’s funny when you think about it, because you soon begin to realise that privilege doesn’t equal freedom. I mean, sure. I’m eating all these fancy as hell dinners and I’m being driven around the state like some kind of Arabian prince, but there’s simply no choice in the matter over my actions. It’s a very artificial experience for me and it’s not something I enjoy.

It’s like eating a prepackaged dim sim with all the shitty sauce on-top, dripping down like a fucking pineapple tree on methamphetamine. No peking duck for you, son. 

I want to be able to live life on my own terms and I guess that’s one of the reasons why I had the falling out with my mother’s boyfriend. There was a lot of privilege involved. He was rich, less than charming and in response, I got the associated money and opportunity any man could need, but it was devised under a bunch of shitty rules. There really is no fun without mystery - something which god himself can attest to. 

Also, sleeping in that fucking cabin is terrible fucking nightmare. It’s a billion degrees at night and that confined space is prolifically traumatic. It feels like being buried alive inside a coffin; without the added extras of being an introvert. Not to mention, I’m on the top bunk, so it’s like I have to pull a hernia every time I want to climb up the damn thing. The caravan park happens to be under a flight path, so you can vividly hear the sound of commercial airliners flying above and the roar is so loud, it honestly feels like the plane is going to crash on-top of me and I honestly feel terrified.

I barely sleep most nights.

I mean, Frodo had an easier time getting to Mordor. Just sayin’. 

Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to graciously fuck my partner, almost bordering on sexual assault, as I dangle her legs from the veranda shouting lines from Police Academy 2. 

Actually, I’m going to read, draw and write. Take that one feminism. 

Lastly, Brisbane is one hell of an ugly city. It’s dirty, lacks any sense of purpose and the design of it’s buildings could not be more apparently dyslexic, than a drunken display of crippled retards trying to film a charity orgy. Forget the lubricant, because with the kind of mucus drool these bastards produce on a daily basis, they’re here to finish the war. I will say though, I am in love with Brisbane fashion, especially that faux indie/punk/goth bullshit.

That is to say, I love my girlfriend. 

moderately.