---
id: "110799895280"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "odd."
summary: "odd."
date: "2015-02-12 09:45:45 GMT"
slug: "odd"
state: "published"
tags: "mental illness,depression,feelings,writing,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1dCC3hm"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/110799895280/odd"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I’m feeling very odd about myself, like this rapacious tension has eaten through the very fabric of my soul - tearing, chewing, biting, scratching like a dead dog.

I feel almost disgusted with who I am and yet it’s everything I envisioned and wanted to become. It would be like finally achieving your dream as an investment banker, only to realise that it was the money controlling you all along. 

I do not like who I am or who I have become. I feel like I have inherently corrupted myself. I feel no excitement in my future, like a lonely robot with no wheels. 

I think it’s because of my hyper-mania with learning and “productivity” recently. I lost a part of what it means to be human in the process and I just feel like a computer crunching numbers. 

I don’t know if it’s because my life lacks regular human connection. I only see my friends and my girlfriend on the weekend. I imagine it would be different if we moved in together, but then I would likely complain that we spend too much time together. My thoughts are always changing, it’s just so difficult. I don’t really know who I truly am. 

I feel like I do everything in my power to reject my humanity. It’s like I aspire to become the most perfect robot that ever lived and yet where is the fun? I feel like I lack the risk and variety in my life that I used to embrace. Of course, I was a lot more depressed in the past, so I’m not sure if that’s the best idea.

In a sense, I feel like I lost a part of myself once I managed to take control of my depression. I think my problem is that depression isn’t a black or white thing. You’re not depressed and then the most perfect person the in whole world. I still need to abide to the laws of nature. I think because I’m not depressed, that I have the right to push myself to the point that I’m about to collapse. I can’t.

I have a very difficult time coming to a compromise. My life seems to be one extreme to another and it’s clearly harming me.

Part of me feels like I should pursue new experiences in my life, new ways of thinking and living, yet I’m so dedicated to this “productive” way of living that I find anything else difficult to commit to. I mean, I’d love to learn to bake, but I choose not to eat grains. Then again, would this simply be pursuing another extreme? 

At the same time I see all these aspects of life, such as unhealthy eating, as horrible “flaws” that need to be eradicated. It’s like I reject myself and so much of the beauty in the world… in exchange for efficiency. 

I loved my writing much more when I was depressed. It was so much more complex and intriguing. I just don’t know how I should feel about it all. 

I’m not even sure what I enjoy to do anymore. I think I’ve become a work-a-holic, even though I spend all my time studying. I just can’t think of any other creative pursuits or other things that I can do to compromise with my life.

Everything just sort of dulls me and I have no ideas of what I can do. At the same time, I feel like I have too many ideas in my head and that I just… want to feel free. 

Perhaps it’s because I don’t really spend my money. I don’t feel like I’m being a part of society. Obviously it’s difficult to pursue hobbies without cash. 

I really hate my bad memory, because I have no idea if what I’m saying is true or not. 

I have no idea if I was in fact, more content with myself in the past. I think that’s why I get depressed in the first place, to simply remind myself and start the cycle again. I’ve been refraining from my depression by telling myself that I shouldn’t take my emotions personally and I’m not sure if that’s the best thing for me.

Maybe it’s healthy to get depressed every so often. 

I guess at the end of the day, we all simply have our personalities of who we are. My personality is that of constantly changing and it’s simply an aspect of who I am. I’m so confused, yet so intrigued by reality - that it creates this deep restlessness within me that I cannot control. 

Yet I try. I try to control it, to prove myself wrong. I cannot accept who I am, because I can barely decide who I am. 

The definition of neurotic individual.