---
id: "103619847175"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "old."
summary: "old."
date: "2014-11-26 06:31:05 GMT"
slug: "old"
state: "published"
tags: "diary,journal,entry"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1WWEMG7"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/103619847175/old"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I’m currently cleaning my room and I found this entry in last year’s uni diary. 18/09/13

I don’t like how I feel. It’s agitation. My stomach is simply churning at the thought. It’s not positive. 

I think the hardest part about a relationship is knowing what you want. It’s impossible to know until you’re experienced it. 

Love vs Lust. I don’t know if it’s possible to love and lust consecutively. I definitely confuse lust for love. Lust is an intense desire, but it is not real. Love is simply a common interest, though one that grows over time. Love takes effort. Love isn’t cheap. It’s creative; a by-product of your own creation. It’s the best parts of you and the best parts of them, coming together to form the ultimate experience. Love is the best thing in the world.

I think people act cute for the simple fact that they can’t find love. They need to find a way to make themselves feel special. Though that’s only one basic defense mechanism. Any sort of distraction will work. Because the special thing about cute, is that it’s effort without seeming to be effort. It’s like, “ey boys, I’m not dressing up to be fucked, even though I secretly want it. I’m doing it for myself." 

Of course, what happens is that people get so desperate, that they make "cute” into this entire new culture and that becomes the basis for whole relationships. The distraction becomes so widespread that it soon becomes the focus. Talk about how deranged humans are.

To refrain from any culture, I think, is a display of pure substance. It demonstrates that you’re not fake. That is possibly more than culture; an illness of fake boundaries that ultimately tear us apart. Culture is like the celebration of our differences: It divides us apart. I am a man of no culture, because I am a simple man.

Perspective is the key to understanding. I don’t think there is right or wrong, only applied knowledge. Perspective is not to be “believed”. It is simply a way of thinking, as is all logic. Naturally logic is infallible, unless if we know all the rules, requiring an infinite amount of perspective, which is almost impossible to obtain from our relative observations. Everything is ultimately relative to itself at the end of the day. What else more is there really to say? With a limited amount of perspective you are stuck in a small world. You will never truly get a representative view of the truth.

Perspective is my religion. Hope is my delusion. Faith is my game.

…my gosh, how much I’ve changed and developed as a person.