---
id: "108585878295"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "opt."
summary: "opt."
date: "2015-01-19 22:42:00 GMT"
slug: "opt"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,optimism,goals,motivation,life,happy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1b8EGCN"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108585878295/opt"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I didn’t have the opportunity to write a proper post last night, so now I shall digress. 

I’ve created this file on my desktop entitled LIST OF PRIORITIES and it details all of the activities that I need to achieve in order to get to where I want to be. All of the tasks are broken down into dot points to keep things manageable; the very essence of better homes and gardens.

Gee, you just have to love the pervasive double-speak.

I now apparently “achieve” things, rather than do them and these seemingly benign “activities” are perfect for any fun idealist to harbour. Ideally, I would have described my goals as “needs” rather than wants, however we can’t all be proverbial champions.

“Now, this list is fucking huge and requires a constant hourly effort if I’m ever to become a star.”

…and now if you look at the way I’ve worded the above sentence, you can literally see the fallacy dripping from it’s porch like a roast duck on the prowl. It’s shit like this which sends people into a state of undeniable self-criticism, thus ineffectual dichotomy. 

You see, half the battle is merely trying to convince the mind to agree. In reality, as I like to call it, my life ambitions require as much or as little effort as I want them to have. I can walk away right now and still keep my smile (effectively, a slight morning grin), but only if I so choose.

Effort does not have to be a brutual constant and any lack of effort should not be a catalyst for self-criticism and spiraling depression. Always return to an equilibrium. Give any slave the choice to breathe and you’ll make them feel like the most free man (aka white, mid-40s’ American male) alive. 

At the end of the day, it always comes down to how optimistic you think can be, no matter how short of a timeline your reality may suggest. It’s hope that kept prisoners of war alive and while I’m not shackled to my desk in four inch thick chains, I’m most certainly dying to watch that Angelina Jolie flick. 

Optimism is a very difficult skill to master, because it is perhaps more meticulous than pessimism ever will be. In essence:

- Good events are last longing.

- Bad events are short lasting.

- Good events are universally pervasive to life.

- Bad events are specific to the cause.

- Externalisation of bad events.

- Internalisation of good events. 

Please, I urge you to have a happy day or I may be required to slap you. My body is weak and fragile from yesterday’s workout, however it’s a pleasure to know my future will be riddled with stories of six packs and bad champagne.