---
id: "101816696935"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "over."
summary: "over."
date: "2014-11-05 03:51:51 GMT"
slug: "over"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,plzkillme"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Uqlu1d"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/101816696935/over"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m over sex. Well, not over it completely, but a period of abstinence would be really nice. Sex has lost it’s luster and I really don’t know how I feel about it anymore. 

I don’t think I’ve truly enjoyed having sex for a few weeks now, perhaps even a few months for all I remember. I sort of compare it to pizza. As we all know, pizza can be good or bad, but it’s still delicious none-the-less. I feel like my sex life has become bad pizza and no matter how bad it continues to get, as the cheese transpires into different shades of plastic (and now you know what it’s like to go down on my girlfriend) you soon become addicted to the idea of pizza, rather than the food itself. 

I knew this was going to happen eventually, but my girlfriend refuses to believe me. I’m pretty much experiencing everything I’ve read thus far. You can’t beat your hormones. You go harder and faster and it takes longer and longer to cum and eventually it gets to the point where nothing works. I’m just lucky we’re both in-love, otherwise we’d be having serious relationship problems. 

I don’t really feel truly compelled to have sex anymore. It’s like, the option is there, so who can say no to that, but I don’t know… it reminds me of when I used to smoke a lot of weed. I didn’t enjoy it, but it was there, so you did it. 

With that said, I don’t think anyone is to blame. I think it’s good to experience it and arguably, I wanted it anyway. One of the down sides of sex as this approach, is that it now becomes treated as a phase in life, rather than something to appreciate with someone. It’s going to take a lot of perspective and time before I can truly come to appreciate it again. I think I can appreciate alcohol, because I never overdid it, but I don’t feel the same way about weed anymore. 

I think sex is important, but I’m not sure how I feel about it. I certainly don’t want to be cumming, perhaps at all. I get really horny when I’m with my girlfriend, but I was feel regretful after I cum. It makes me feel guilty, but I don’t think she understands or can relate, cause she doesn’t believe or think the same way that I do about orgasm. I want to go two weeks without cumming, not so I can cum again, but so I can work towards one month or even seven. 

I don’t know, but I’d really love to be abstinent for a long time, preferably for the rest of my life. I see it as a work in progress. I didn’t overcome my porn addiction overnight. In fact, it took me my entire life to get over it. 10~ years of the addiction itself, then another few years of recovery. 

I think I’m going to experiment a lot with orgasm in my life. I’ll have periods where I’ll be doing it everyday, like now. I’ll have periods where it’ll be once a week. Perhaps once a month. Maybe I’ll even go an entire six months without it, who knows.

I just want to find what works for me and currently, I don’t feel it’s working.