---
id: "107035779875"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "poor."
summary: "poor."
date: "2015-01-03 20:49:28 GMT"
slug: "poor"
state: "published"
tags: "weight,rant,writing,health,food"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Zhr6CZ"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/107035779875/poor"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So last night I got this entire lecture from my girlfriend’s father about the amount of food I’m eating and how it’s unhealthy etc. etc. etc. This is coming from a man who only quit smoking after several decades of the habit, has severe temper issues, is overweight to the point of verging diabetes, is overdue for a heart attack, who religiously consumes alcohol on the daily basis and yet somewhere in the fray, is adamant on providing me with the opportunity of how best to take care of my health. 

I get really bloaty after a large meal and so I balloon. At the same time I’m also incredibly muscular and fit. I was feeling self-conscious, so I decided to tense my stomach muscles this morning and even though I’m large and round, it’s all mostly hard muscle. What has effectively happened from all this food, is that my stomach itself has enlarged, to compensate for all the volume.

This man is a terrorist and an intellectual pirate. 

So anyway, this fuckwit is asking me to slow down on the amount of food I’m eat, because apparently I’m too “arrogant” for my own good, like I don’t understand how nutrition works, even though I study it religiously. Fuck him.

I already started working out yesterday, as I already had the epiphany myself that I was taking my health for granted. Guess why? Cause this man is wealthy AND paying for all my meals and encourages me to eat as much as I want, which is why I always order two cocktails, the most expensive items on the menu and I got crazy for an experience I’m not likely ever to have again. I’m typically not a big consumer or materialist, so I’m going to live it up while I have the opportunity. 

I even cut out all alcohol two days ago. Yet this man, who is verging on a heart attack, still continues to drink, even though his doctor told him effectively not to. 

Of course, this isn’t about him. This has nothing to do with him in the slightest. Whether he dies today or tomorrow is of no concern to me. I mean, I can’t stand his behaviour and attitude towards life, but my own health is my own issue. 

Understand that I’ve never done things because of others; I am my own free man and is precisely the reason behind the huge falling out I had with my mother’s boyfriend. Do not tread on me, I will bite. 

I hate nothing more than people who guilt lecture you because of how much of a fuck up their own lives are. It’s always the same chain-smoking, alcoholic dickheads, who think they know better than you because of their own suffering. 

Listen dickhead, if you want to influence your peers in a positive way, be a good fucking role model and lead by example. This is precisely why I don’t force my lifestyle onto anyone, because I am not responsible for the way you are. If you can’t teach yourself, then you’ve already lost half the battle. That’s none of my business and more importantly, none of my judgment. Well, expect my girlfriend because I love her and it’s a committed partnership based solely around the exchange of ideas. 

Just don’t tell me how to live my life, because to make presumptions about my knowledge and intelligence, is perhaps the most insulting thing I can possibly experience. Not because I think I know everything, but because I preserve the right to discover these things myself, especially not in the face of someone who has no authority over any aspect of my personal health.