---
id: "97720080016"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "quirk."
summary: "quirk."
date: "2014-09-17 09:00:00 GMT"
slug: "quirk"
state: "published"
tags: "why am I so fucked up,writing,drugs,sex,concept"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1R0aXQG"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97720080016/quirk"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I probably wouldn’t have sex with myself. On the contrary, my girlfriend thinks I’m stunningly attractive and hell, you too would begin to believe in reality’s wise words if the junk began to crystalize upon your innocent flesh like tiger stripes and your only source of Rohypnol, my undying love and passion, consistently oozed down the extent of your long-forgotten depravity. It tastes like a sort of purple licorice; at least that’s what my psychiatrist tells me. Did I leave it in the car or did I sell it off to the bunch of Dominion teenagers lingering along the road? One them held a gun to my head, but I pretended to be a tree and the fucker only pissed me.

I stepped on a mushroom once, but I cried out with mercy and now the insects don’t hurt me as much. At times, they’ll bore into my skin and form colonies; little circles of perpetual insect love.

I’m a curse with no shame (and I also love toasties). 

I believe the only tolerance my girlfriend has nowadays is for society’s assholes, aka myself. Clearly that initial hook of euphoria has just ravaged through her upper lip, tearing it’s way through her skull (or what’s left of it), before making a round trip back to the source of her misery; that pretty little heart of hers, as it unconsciously flips and flops like a dying fish at the flea market. Surely, I’m not being serious. 

Not that anyone eats dead seafood anymore. Japan, you fucking cancer. Take your fish and burn it, much like you did to poor bastards back in 1701. 

I’m quite impartial to other women, because my girlfriend is a very pretty specimen indeed; especially from the fringe up. I would happily fuck her everyday without question, nor compensation (and yes, I have read the rules and regulations pertaining sodomy). I guess that’s the best thing about insecure women; you can just about say anything you want and they’ll interpret it as a cue to just throw money at your cock.

What on earth am I talking about now?

Listen, I can’t help it if there’s this particularly unfortunate girl in my class who looks like a fucking horse. She has this nervous twitch which plagues her upper lip (very horse like) and her eyes blink like fucking headlights approaching several tribes of intelligent dear. “She gonna die,” I say.

The human imagination always prevails in the end. 

You can tell she dreams about hay in her spare time; her tumblr is a much more comprehensive journal detailing her illness. Her nose looks elongated and rabbit-like, with a chin that ceases to exist beyond the normal compounds of her face. Where’s the motivation to even wake up in the morning, when your little ‘hooves’ are incapable of even making strides in this male dominated world? You can just tell that those little stumps are just waiting to be hacked at by a bunch of incompetent beavers; a horny bunch they are.

Though don’t mind me. People assume that I’m an angry man, let alone living in the same reality as quoi, but my half-life is minuscule compared to parody you call “time”. Nothing really provokes me and that’s precisely the problem; words are just play things and the humans on my TV screen couldn’t possibly have feelings. It’s called having a kink, you miserable sod. 

Emotions are so fake, once you begin to consider the extremities people will go to in order to manipulate the feelings of others. I think a lot, but I don’t feel that I’m substantially judgmental to the point of taking anything personally. Only my ex has managed to fuck me up and that took a lot of effort by anyone’s standards.

Please, oh please, I urge you to try and break the shard glass sticking out of my forehead. I like the idea of your help being potentially fatal; it helps keep the senses squeaky clean.

The fact that Tony Abbott is prime minister almost makes me feel… well, I don’t think I really care. I mean, he looks like a lizard and is clearly a liar beyond redemption, though certainly no more than most politicians. I just have this willingness to accept… nearly everything, with the vast exception of myself. I will never accept who I am, which is why I must constantly go insane to even recognise what people call the “human condition.” It’s like a sort of deep friction that runs stricken like a biased rectangle within my bloodstream. I whole heartily admit that I’m an insecure piece of crap. We’re all so seemingly comfortable with other people’s insecurities, that it gives us this sort of “false hope” of which to pretend upon. 

I’m a blend of ancient materials, fostering pessimism like an out-of-date religion. I’m the crater before the asteroid hits the earth. Listen honey, I don’t expect you to understand where I’m coming from, but please put the gun down and point it at THIS guy. At least it’ll give you a momentary relapse back into reality, the one place you don’t wish to be, before returning to your guilty thoughts and blowing your brain all over the floor the bamboo matting. 

Adventures are fun.