---
id: "111167861410"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "rude."
summary: "rude."
date: "2015-02-16 10:43:00 GMT"
slug: "rude"
state: "published"
tags: "work,feminism,bestie,writing,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1dY7lAY"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/111167861410/rude"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I want to say ladies, I’m terribly sorry when you have to deal with fuckwit men. 

There was this guy at work and he was the most fat, ugly guy I’ve ever met. He’s missing teeth and what’s remaining has deteriorated to the point of meth addiction. Of course, the way he compensates for this is that he talks a lot. In fact, he simply won’t shut up. 

Anyway, he starts this whole rant about how make up is false advertising and that it’s a lie for men. Then these two other guys join in agreeing with him and I’m just sitting there gobsmacked.

In fact, he was telling this to all the women in the room, thinking it’s socially acceptable - which of course they were all offended and decided to have a go at him. 

I’m by no means a feminist, but that shit is fucked. 

Though I find it funny I’ve become besties with the New Zealand guy. I would have never thought it, because he seems a bit ‘mentally stunted’, but we just have the most amazing banter and we could honestly talk about absolutely nothing for the next 100 years and make it the most funny conversation ever. 

He has these kinds of innocent goldfish eyes and this huge gap tooth in the middle of his mouth, but he also has a smile and a face that could honesty calm a murderous serial killer on a rampage. He also does this flat palm hand thing whenever he talks and his New Zealand accent is so quirky, it’s the best.

He looks like a grown up primary school child and he’s always so incredibly friendly and hospitable. He just has zero evil in him. Fuck, I want to know him for the rest of his life. 

All I can remember is his bloated face as he attempted to chug down a large can of lemon mother. He’s definitely my workplace bestie.