---
id: "104914047450"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "sad day."
summary: "sad day."
date: "2014-12-11 08:42:00 GMT"
slug: "sad-day"
state: "published"
tags: "sadies,someone comfort me,plz tit pic me,writing,journal,diary,melbourne,feelings,stuff,sad,day,I'm fucked"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1XjNL7Q"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104914047450/sad-day"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’ve been having a sad day. 

I just feel so… detrimental to my own sense of well-being. I love words, but they just don’t seem to care about the blistering monotony of death and scrutiny my life has come to enjoy. You know, logic is but a whore, malting into various facets of unadulterated insanity. Fuck the books and wear the boots. It all bleeds like a shitty Christmas anyway, into the kinds of coal you might find in your stocking come late December.

It seems that I’m being unnecessarily pedantic about the whole thing. I promise that my words aren’t quite as subtle as the knife currently lodged into the thick of my spine. I guess I’m just feeling extremely overwhelmed by life and it’s clear impossibility. Everything looks so difficult and mean. I’m out of work, so-to-speak, and I can’t really look for a job since I won’t be back from holiday until mid-January. 

I’m going to turn 22 within a few months and I guess breached suicide seems like a much more applicable option at this point in life. I sort of want to live, but not really. Then again, killing oneself is just a little too much effort for my liking and if anyone’s going to perish first, it’s going to be that false man sitting behind my sulky attitude. 

Considering that I can barely plan a few days ahead, my post-teenage suicide will most likely be considered a human triumph… unlike these sodden thoughts on your screen, presented like dyslexic aphorisms to retarded school children. 

It almost feels like being stuck at an awkward orgy involving your two best friends. You can’t quite leave because it’s happening in your backyard, yet in the corner of your eye, you can’t help but notice that your penis looks rather divine under the bright luminescence of the full moon in it’s prime. Quite visibly, my obsolete wears hang out like a pack of dead fish caught in a net of it’s own misery, attracting a sort of ‘pink' eye from my neighbour giving me dirty looks through his living-room window.

I write like a fucking maniac.