---
id: "111548649375"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "sales."
summary: "sales."
date: "2015-02-20 08:22:14 GMT"
slug: "sales"
state: "published"
tags: "sales,work,job"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1duqK_V"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/111548649375/sales"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

The end of the week has come!

In the past I honestly had no structure in my life. Monday was no different to a Wednesday, because it’s not like I had any real obligations of requirements to fulfill.

Now that I’m working full-time 9 to 5 it’s such a game changer. I’m actually relieved it’s the weekend! 

I’m learning so much from my job, I love it so much. It’s a challenge that I enjoy. To be able to mentally convince and excite someone is just… I think it’s incredible. It requires a real drive to understand people and how to influence them. 

I fuck up so many sales. I will literally have someone by the balls, but then I won’t close the sale properly and he’ll literally lose all confidence and trust in me and then he hangs up. 

Sales is an art and I’m so grateful of all the support that my colleagues are giving me. They seem to really like me and they always come to my cubicle to give me advice and really give me some amazing tips. 

When you get to someone who’s just the complete gutter and they’re so unmotivated and the conversation is going nowhere you say: 

“Let me tell you what we do Steve, on behalf of the South West Sydney Institute of TAFE, the largest TAFE within Australia that is recognised nationally, we work closely with the government to help people exactly like you find jobs and start businesses so that in the future you will be earning a six-figure income! What would you do if you were earning six figures!?”

It’s all about getting them to make small agreements, so it sounds like it’s their idea. It doesn’t work if you simply tell them that they need a qualification, even if you sell the logic 100%. You need to slowly bait them and keep them to say yes.

The biggest thing however is in your tonality. I apologise if I’m getting too passionate, I absolutely love the ways in which we can influence people. I want to become a master at it and I’m watching so many videos and practicing and constantly refining the art. 

I’m very trial and error. I have fucked up every single possible way and each time, I learn from my mistakes. Without making mistakes, you will never discover what you’re truly capable of.