---
id: "112505199445"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "shower."
summary: "shower."
date: "2015-03-02 11:22:39 GMT"
slug: "shower"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship,ex,writing,journal,depression,trauma"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1enrHjL"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/112505199445/shower"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Coming out of the shower earlier I thought about what a remarkable person my ex was. 

I doubt I’ll ever meet a girl like her again and it sort of made me a little sad thinking about it… but then it also occurred to me that she will never meet another guy like me again. 

I wonder if that makes her churn on the inside, knowing that she will never meet another guy like me again?

I’m not sure if she saw our relationship in the same special way, however I was still part of the equation. 

There’s beauty in the tragic burning of a five-story building. You know there are people on the inside, set ablaze to the suffering of 5,000 degree heat, yet the havoc keeps us watching and fixed on the murder. 

It was an incredibly unhealthy and unfortunate relationship, however it was so compelling at the same time because it felt like living a movie. Like a slow car crash video. People spend their lives watching movies, never realising that they are only observers, not beings of substance and valour. 

It personally felt like living the world’s most perfect movie.

The kind of movie where all your friends die and you’re left with nothing, not even keeping your soul by the end. However it doesn’t matter to you, because you are the main star on the screen and to be the centre of attention is something that we dare not throw away.

It’s easy to look back at the past and feel resent, however I feel pride in who I am and the disaster that is my traumatic mind. I lived the kind of trauma that people die for. 

Some people are so dull and average on the inside, that they barely feel their own emotions hiccup, as they lull themselves into a state of perpetual complacency, every single day of their miserable lives. 

Some people have never felt the exhilaration of young love on any level; the kind of dependency that leaves you weak like tainted oxygen. 

I went out there and lived it. 

I’m a fucking hero.