---
id: "104349397140"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "sleep."
summary: "sleep."
date: "2014-12-04 20:23:43 GMT"
slug: "sleep"
state: "published"
tags: "sleep"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1XBjN2K"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/104349397140/sleep"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So basically, I’ve been struggling to sleep for a few weeks now. I’ll toss in turn in bed and be wide awake at 3am in the morning and it’s terrible. It sort of just happened out of nowhere. It’s like, I suddenly forgot how to sleep and just what the hell. 

Something happened last night which changed that. It’s hard to tell if I was awake or merely dreaming when it happened, but it was very spiritual for me.

You see, I’m a very trial and error guy. It was the same with my depression. I feel like I have to suffer in every way possible, perhaps even intentionally, before I realise my errors and before I can find my way towards the light. 

It’s hard to say what causes sleeplessness, but I think it’s a form of stress. The problem with stress, is that you tend to fight it, which makes it worse and even more stressful. Yet last night, I somehow convinced myself to relax and it was blissful. It felt like a great trickery, as if I’d discovered something magical. 

Of course, that lasted a mere few seconds, but it enticed me. It was like being given candy and then forced to hand it back. I spent the entire night, trying to figure out how the fuck I relaxed and it was the journey of a lifetime. I felt like I was battling the elements - honing in on this complex puzzle I’d discovered. 

Anyway, in the end, I managed to relax and hopefully from now on I’ll be having good sleep to accompany me. I know, terrible story. If you need me, I’ll be going camping over the weekend and I’ll probably be so wasted that even my sleep won’t be able to help me. Could be worse.