---
id: "106996945630"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "spastic."
summary: "spastic."
date: "2015-01-03 10:30:21 GMT"
slug: "spastic"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,rambling,please love me,I'm desperate with fear"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ZfWzBU"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/106996945630/spastic"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I wish I was cool.

I think I’m just really neurotic with my imagination and to me, that’s part of the problem with this blog. I’m simply not consistent with the personality of my proverbial content. Sometimes I’ll write really nice and straight edge stuff, like an ensemble of bitter Mongolian origami. You know, the kind of sweet material you’d slip into your partner’s drink to make them feel special and queasy following a hard night working the poles in Dallas. Other times, my words profess into the kind of grotesque depravity you’d expect from the arcane silliness currently poisoning our skies. 

Like, I’m a really nice guy. I mean, I’ll most likely threaten you into submission and break into your house, force feeding my fist into your pores, but… so as you can tell, I have some issues, though sparingly not as a reflection of my logic. Fuck you hippocampus, asshole. 

I had a really nice day with my darling girl, though I’m really appreciative that I got to spend most of today reading. There really is nothing I love more than reading and making art. You see, my girlfriend is trying to lose 50 kilos, but it’s like she doesn’t subconsciously realise how much junk she consumes. Like, today she had two glasses of soft drink and half a litre bottle of juice, an ice-cream and it’s like… riiiiight. Though we’ve spoken and everything is going to be just fine. 

Naturally, we’re taking some time apart. 

I will say, there’s probably nothing more terrifying than having sex in your girlfriend’s parents bed, while you wait for them to come back at moment into the caravan. The adrenaline sure does the trick.