---
id: "109963024620"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "spire."
summary: "spire."
date: "2015-02-03 08:37:07 GMT"
slug: "spire"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,mental health,motivation,happiness,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1cQJfZi"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/109963024620/spire"
noteCount: "6"
format: "html"
---

I want to write something inspiring because I suffered a terrible episode of depression today and understandably, it’s something that cannot be excused. However, I will not blame myself because I am not worthy of blame. I am a purposeful human being with a lot of love to give, but only if I learn to love myself first. 

I discovered something very important about myself earlier. I have come to understand that I am completely fine with being poor, however I will not live a life without opportunity. I am a man of opportunity and if I cannot find opportunity, then I will create it for myself. We are never without opportunity in this life and it is something I hope to cherish until the day I die. 

Of course, I am also not poor. I have an amazing girlfriend beyond which these worlds cannot describe. I am blessed to have her and while there are moments I take her for granted, it is only out of my own confusion as a human being. She is wonderful and inspiring down to the very last breath. 

I am blessed to live in a stable household, where I am not plagued by physical abuse or the threat of eviction. I have more freedom than most people in this world and it’s an aspect of my life I will not take for granted.

Life is not simple. It is not always fair, however these are ideals I set for myself. I will take each day as it comes, living within my own emotional means. It is easy to chase signs of euphoria, in disguise of our own inhibition and desperation. I will not be so futile. 

My goals have not changed as a person. I am still writing five articles a week for my depression website and I hope to promote it so that it is a resource for everyone to utilise. I am still alive and willing to take this challenge, hopefully with humility and love. I have a plan of where I want to be and how I’m going to get there.

It may not be today or even in one year’s time. However by living in the present, there is no limitation that can stop me other than myself. I do not want to live in a world of doubt and limitation. I do not deserve to hinder myself as such. 

I may not be perfect. I may not be entirely functional, however that does not mean I am useless or without love in my life. It does not mean I cannot wake up with a smile and laugh through every moment of my existence. It does not prevent me for experiencing all the good and knowledge and beauty in this life. Only I can prevent myself and it is a duty I shall hold to myself to uphold. 

To exist relative to all the amazing people around me… happiness comes easy, even if I cannot always see it. 

So instead of focusing my attention and efforts on the things that bring me down, on the things that don’t provide value to my life, on the things which I would never want to see my friends and loved ones endure, I will change my attitude and give every inch of my love to myself and the people around me. 

Nature demands I change.