---
id: "111945140455"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "sprand."
summary: "sprand."
date: "2015-02-24 10:59:00 GMT"
slug: "sprand"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,motivation,it's all about that vision baby"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1eGSqZd"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/111945140455/sprand"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

You know, fuck it. 

Let’s give life one more chance. 

…and you know what, if that fucks up and I churn myself into a spoodle of pure disappointment and disgust, then let’s keep handing out these chances until I run into every excuse under the sun, in complete admiration and succession for the apparent struggle of my hopeless, fucking mind.

I’ve been a good boy today. Contained and sealed like the plastic that drapes over your stateless face. 

I have a vision of who I am today and who I want to become in the future, because fuck goals. Goals mean shit without a vision and when you fail your goals, you tell yourself that it’s okay.You realise your vision is so much more than a bunch of goals that taunt you like dead flies surrounding the urethra. 

My vision has never left me, however when you focus on all the crap and the negativity happening in your life, you lose sense of who you truly are and everything looks like a problem. Look for red and everything will appear red. I need to embrace it everyday, the outcomes that my actions provide me.

It’s a fucking opportunity. My life is a fucking opportunity if I ever saw one. 

I want to feel empowered about who I am; not an unconsciously incompetent asshole. I don’t want to give up on myself and my dream. I’ve seen too many people give into the insanity and it almost angers me. I couldn’t possibly tell you how many times I’ve personally given up and I’m over it. 

My feelings and emotions aren’t always going to agree with me. That’s fine, but I will not fuck up this opportunity to show my flares and stripes. 

I’m back in the game baby. Now let’s go write some fucking articles. 

Also, I would really appreciate it if this guy from work would please stop hitting on me. I get it, you wanna piece of this fine body, but your meth teeth is a huge turn off and no, I refuse to add you on facebook, so please stop trying.