---
id: "97110855020"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "start."
summary: "start."
date: "2014-09-10 03:21:00 GMT"
slug: "start"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,melbourne,spilled ink,creative,madness"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1QSGWri"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97110855020/start"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Here I am, dwindling like paper jelly into several cups of insolent grey. Nothing quite like a boring ol’ cuppa to start the day. Quite clearly, I’m much too pedantic for these words and I don’t think I’ve ever had it worse off. Quite norsely, fuck you. I think my life loves me; that shallow boogeyman coiled ten emotions deep inside some puddle of uncanny mess, curled frank inside the exterior of my dilapidated tongue. I mean, what’s there not to love? Oh right, aside from that BLOODY MURDERER pent up like madness in the closet of lies and detriment I hold close to my frail heart. 

He tried to murder me once, but I stood strong and deflected north to the more subtle areas of my imagination - a safe haven for both animal and mythical beast alike. I think he (or perhaps a non-binary ’she’) is ultimately afraid of death, because that’s just what nice boys do - be all pretty n’ that. At the very least, he could, in holy inquisition, pretend to be a lil’ cutie in that pink corduroy he struts around in. Embarrassingly, only myself and a select few have what we call “peek privilege” and remember children: Cutting is bad if the razor is blunt. 

I’m a star; the brightest fucking star your eyes have ever gazed upon, as your body melts and decomposes into the remnants of ‘shadow’ you’re so used to manifesting. I’m special, most certainly visually entertaining (well, duh) and possibly delusional beyond words, though I’m not one for letting my own limitations misrepresent me: I am the fabulous Reade, quaint and disastrous. I’m that pulse you feel smack-bang-dead in the middle of the night, forever bleeding into a disarray of harsh concrete and metallic woes - cause fucker - you ain’t got it right. Piss and blood brought tears to these solemn lands and I’ll be damned if you ever try to pervert my fine nature, blushing two doors out of your fucking asshole.

I wish I were pretty. I really want to be a pretty boy, so bad. I’ll do anything to be pretty, sort of like how you’ll do anything to not to shit faux pas all over these fucking walls!? Though yes, it’s kinda hard to remain calm when you’re a massive slut with only but the finest taste in hosiery and menswear. I’ll tell ya what though, I’ll drown to see those bubbles disappear from my mouth, cause that’s what we call art baby… you just wouldn’t understand. 

Actually, I’m on the bus now and I’m wearing this horrible black hoodie and I look like some of homeless variant of beta origination, but at least it has drive (all the way into the orange sunset). My gosh, it looks like santa died glorious along the extremities of living and FUCK FUCK FUCK this bus is driving past magnificent piles of hard rubbish along the side of this road and I’m absolutely losing my SHIT. 

I want that rubbish. I want all those fucking immaterial possibilities lined deep inside my fucking pocket and I will KILL to see it happen. 

This is my life.

Enjoy.