---
id: "108432224480"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "tape."
summary: "tape."
date: "2015-01-18 10:32:00 GMT"
slug: "tape"
state: "published"
tags: "ex,ex girlfriend,writing,journal,sex tape"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1a-473W"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108432224480/tape"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I was browsing through my computer in the hope of finding a nice picture to put up on my linkedin profile and I happened to come across a sex tape. In fact, it was the sex tape I filmed with my first ex and the only sex tape I ever produced.

It was a very significant thing for me, because I only ever saw her in person for four days of my entire life. 

Naturally, I couldn’t stop watching. So much nostalgia came rushing back through my veins and my eyes lit up with intrigue. I’m not entirely sure how it made me feel, though there was a definite beauty in our relationship. Certainly, she was very pretty and there was a strong sense of chemistry between us, however I’ve come to accept that it’s all gone now. 

Well, not entirely gone. The person I’ve grown into since her departure… is unquestionably greater than the man our relationship destroyed. Beauty is a constant cycle between life and death and from the ashes, I’ve grown into everything I once feared…

…most applicably, it was a relationship of fear.

I remember being incredibly inexperienced with sex at the time and effectively, she was the first person I ever properly had sex with; that is, a person loving enough to travel an entire country away to seek solitude.

In fact, I was so inexperienced at sex that I couldn’t even cum and what made the whole ordeal even worse, was that I blamed her entirely for my own inability.

Young love is always a very violent game. Earlier in the relationship she’d cheated on me. Ah yes, a fine flavour disgust.

Though, no one deserves to play the blame game. You could easily paint either of us to be the absolute worst people on earth and we both had our fair share of indecency. However, I certainly don’t judge either of us for our own actions and behaviours. Desperation begets stupidity and I can guarantee that we were both very desperate and very stupid. 

Anyway, I’m over it now. 

I don’t feel bad or anything and I’ve resolved our past in my mind. I suppose it was just a moment of contemplation for me. Life and it’s many faces. Some beautiful, some ugly - though very few voluntarily weak.