---
id: "97554686845"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "tech."
summary: "tech."
date: "2014-09-15 09:26:00 GMT"
slug: "tech"
state: "published"
tags: "description,profile,personality,writing,creative,spilled ink,nerd,geek"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1QsjcDz"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97554686845/tech"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I volunteer at a radio station where I read magazines and publications on-air and it’s a fabulous experience for the morbidly-intrigued, especially with all the elderly people you meet and work with. It reminds you precisely of what you don’t want to become: Senile and excessively out-of-touch with reality.

I will not stand around and bitch about the room temperature, because my hobbit feet give me immunity to such treaties. Anyway, we have this guy who does the tech operations for our show and he’s about as iconoclastic as it gets. Hardly. It’s difficult to paint a vivid picture of him, due to the uncanny nature of his soul and how blisteringly bad my description will be, however I’m going to try my best to at least pretend to know what I’m talking about.

From what I can tell, he’s in his mid-to-late 20s’. He’s this pale, less-than-bulging nerd with a pointed nose featuring frameless rectangle glasses; the kind of glasses you’d expect your grandmother to wear, pressed fresh against his lifeless face. Not a hint of anger or happiness emerges; a smile confused for a shattered grin. He looks completely harmless from all angles and adrenaline remains unaffected as far as the eye can see.

He could be dead for all we know. All that exists in the synapse of his reality is a fatal linger that even his mother can’t quite fathom. His moderate slouch is unconvincing as he struts around in his oversized t-shirt; a relic handed to him a many a Christmas ago, slowly gathering the wash cycles that even time itself hopes never to relive. Nostalgia drops dead on the floor and twitches. Let’s not forget his Kmart board shorts and fantastical runners, clearly never having witnessed the brilliance of grass. 

He’s taller than me in height, though not too tall. His face is disproportionately smaller than his body, most likely due to his genetic inferiority, sort of like an alien on stilts. Large pupils. Vented nose. His “constant” is mindlessly mesmerizing and calm; most likely due to his inherent lack of « nerd rage ». You can tell he’s spent a little too long exploring the endless “singularity”, if you catch what I’m saying. 

I wonder if he’s even seen a breast, ever - all 56 billion online porn videos withstanding. Complacency has firmly taken it’s firm toll inside the tiny brain of this most magnificent creature you’ll ever want to hunt and kill.

What are women anyway?

…and his voice. 

My gosh. His voice is that kind of high pitched “geek” monotone. It pitters upon your ear and caresses your soul with indignity. Nothing quite compares to his silent wither. It gives us mere mortals a sense of gargantuan power, if not to crush his hopes and dreams like fake candy.

Thankfully he lacks any sort of conceivable arrogance (let alone humanity), which is to suggest that his mind has been selectively primed for serfdom. We praise the gods daily. Not only has he embraced acceptance, but he’s completely and utterly destroyed his ego beyond redemption, which is more than most people can say. 

Dare I suggest, he looks unemployed. Either that or he’s a council worker. Gosh. 

Actually, he’s a very nice young man who doesn’t add any preposition to the status quo - the perfect candidate for just about nothing. I probably wouldn’t want to hang with him. There’s literally zero substance to the blank stare he’s so clearly perfected. Zero adventure. Zero function. In case of revolution, he’d most likely be the first self-sustained casualty.

I’ll grow up one day, don’t worry.