---
id: "112163122715"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "train."
summary: "train."
date: "2015-02-26 21:27:34 GMT"
slug: "train"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,train,weird"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1eTSMuR"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/112163122715/train"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Oh god, on the train now is the very first girl I ever approached on tumblr to try and hit on. It was so awkward, because we were forced to stare at each other. Thank god she doesn’t know what I look like, but I distinctly remember that she was not my type, but because of my inexperience I tried to force ourselves (simply because she was willing to have a conversation with me) and yeah, I would never approach that type now, not in a million years.

Also, I just had to stand next to four of those fedora wearing atheist types on the train and i can confirm the stereotype is true. They kept playfully grabbing this girl on the train thinking it’s bro and then one of them goes on about pro-choice and how everyone should be forced to have an abortion and I doubt I’ve met anyone more dissociated or geeky in my entire life. 

They were all wearing black.

This really is the first time I’ve truly enjoyed writing in a long time. I say this because I’m currently writing this crucial post for later tonight about a dream I had last night and it’s like, time I should be spending studying or writing depression articles. 

I never have time to relax and so this is nice. I don’t particularly enjoy writing depression articles. It’s tolerable and necessary for my career, however it’s certainly no creative expression. 

As a result there I feel like i lack discovery in my life. I like to discover from my struggle, however my struggle is no longer in depression. It is in learning to love and accept life. I have tampered my depression into a rather neutral state, however now it’s time to learn love - perhaps an even harder task for us to fathom.