---
id: "113679641720"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "utili."
summary: "utili."
date: "2015-03-15 10:43:36 GMT"
slug: "utili"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,writing,journal,mental illness,girlfriend,love"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ftrQnu"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/113679641720/utili"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Well, I figure that I may as well write since I’m feeling somewhat uncontrollably depressed, verging on fearful anxiety, predicated upon the feeling of seeming completely irrelevant to the world. 

When I think about it, that’s part of the reason why I got along so well with my first girlfriend. We were so similar in terms of our mental illness and we had this serene common ground composed of fearful hopeless and organic voids. 

Two completely dysfunctional people coming together in complete attachment to form the most perfect disaster know to man. The kind of perfect that only a god could create - broken, yet divine. 

My current girlfriend on the other hand is perfect from the sense of reality and the truth. She is the ideological antithesis to my ex girlfriend in many ways. 

She is the most amazing, honest, supportive, generous person that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She’s everything that I should aspire to. She is what a glorious and faithful life deserves, yet it is like a burden for someone with mental illness. 

While we both have similar aspects of mental illness, this isn’t our common ground per say and is exactly what makes our relationship so special, yet seemingly difficult at the same time. We are both willing to change and aspire towards something greater than our mental illness. 

We focus on our capabilities, rather than our weaknesses as people and it’s a quality that often brings us to our knees. God is not happy with our decision to taste the forbidden fruit. 

This creates the precise duality of my mind which will tear me apart and eat me whole. When I’m feeling destructive and depressed, it’s like my ex becomes more appealing as the demon I should have never spited; the desire to become tragically imperfect, though completely in touch with my sense. 

Then when I’m functioning and happy and taking my future seriously, my current girlfriend becomes this sort of angel in my eyes. She is kind and nurturing and she knows best for me. 

It’s like I have these two ideals in my mind of who I should be. The war of angels and demons. 

This is precisely why I’m trying to do everything my power to understand my mental illness and overcome my depression so that I can be more pure within myself and give my angel the respect she deserves.

The curse of a fabulous blessing. 

What can one say? 

You know, for people with depression, we’re all just demons trying to be angels. It takes a lot of ambition in order to be good, but when our instinct comes out to play, when our inner demon wins it’s war, we feel helpless to our own desire and the evil burns down to the very source of our misery: Life itself. 

Ultimately I’ve made the decision in my mind that my current girlfriend is worth it. She’s worth living for and expressing the life that I have been given and that’s what love is; a commitment towards purity and truth.

She is the angel that guides me from hell. 

It’s not easy. Sometimes it’s very easy, but other times it feels like my mind is trying to suffocate me and drown me. It is difficult to believe in the truth when your angel is nowhere in sight. 

Naturally the solution in my mind comes down to acceptance and particularly, living within the moment so that I can embrace the angel who exists in my life. Of course this is incredibly difficult when my emotions jump all over the place, however it’s something that I try my best to understand and tame. 

Ugh, this post is killing me. Ruminating upon the thousands of theories that I have of my past is not going to help me. 

I just feel like my mind is constantly changing and jumping from purpose to purpose and it literally drives me insane. I have so much of everything. So much happiness. So much confusion. My ambitions and passions are endless and yet there are times where I literally want to do nothing more than to shut down and destroy everything. 

To be honest, I think I have the flu and so naturally my brain has been bleeding itself out. 

I struggle with my mental illness more than most. 

However it’s also occurred to me that I also exceed with my pursuits and ambitions more than others as well. Two sides of the same coin, really.