---
id: "97218908340"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "why."
summary: "why."
date: "2014-09-11 13:54:00 GMT"
slug: "why"
state: "published"
tags: "self-awareness,writing,blogging,thoughts,expression,relationship,journal"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1QYij2q"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/97218908340/why"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I made this tumblr blog because I needed an outlet for self-expression and I’ve noticed that my life suffers when I’m not expressing my thoughts in a sort of unified fashion aka blog. I have difficulty remembering and appreciating my past, which is something currently affecting my wonderful relationship.

It’s entirely laborious for me because we have so many amazing memories together, so many life changing moments of clarity, so many internal epiphanies due to the nature of our unconditional love… that it, well, unfortunately it’s all seemingly absent from my mind.

I guess this represents the overwhelming issue of “self-awareness” as a system of thought. You live in the moment at the expense of your past and everything becomes a subtle blur, just so you can dissolve all that nasty trauma from your mind. Fuck it, I’m going to write about my life instead, glorify the shit out of it and leave my pain on a pedestal for the whole world to see. Ego dissolusion isn’t necessarily a good thing unless if you want to become a Tibetan monk and gee, I’m not THAT asian. 

In this regard, it’s important that I document my life to the best of my ability. At the very least, so I can look back and truly appreciate what the fuck it was I did. Words help me bridge the gap between my thoughts and dear reality; a very minor inconvenience for all the love this beautiful world has to offer. 

I’m really excited because this my first blog where the intention hasn’t been to seduce vulnerable teenagers into fucking me. I’m finally no longer that desperately-single twat, cowering hopelessly in the corner about how pathetic I am as “her” mirror’s lonely depravation.

I now get to write about my relationship instead, OMG. I get to write about the beauty in my life and joy of my love. This is literally a dream come true… and yes, I’m basically going to brag about how much sex I’m getting and yes, I’ve been waiting for this moment for at least a century now. 

Quite possibly, this also means that you won’t get to see me make a complete fool of myself pretending to be “just friends” with complete strangers over the internet and liking a countless number of random posts, just to get that “competitive edge”. God damn it, you knew I wanted your pussy so bad and that I was willing to go to extremes to make it happen! How dare you take advantage of a young wolf like me. Irregardless, the stalking will be prevalent and I will hunt you down and kill you.

Allow me to reiterate: There is nothing worse than having a girl publicly post your ask. 

Nothing.