---
id: "113672131355"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "xuxuxuxu."
summary: "xuxuxuxu."
date: "2015-03-15 07:36:41 GMT"
slug: "xuxuxuxu"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,journal,mental illness,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1ftOnCR"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/113672131355/xuxuxuxu"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m feeling somewhat pointless.

Not depressed or hopeless, but seemingly directionless.

Ah well, keep the narrative going. I see no point in stopping, because inevitably at some point it will begin to make sense and then I’ll feel shit about all the time I wasted being dysfunctional.

I know I give myself a hard time, but looking back at the past month I think I’ve done pretty bloody well for myself. 

I’ve published 33 depression articles over the weeks, which equates to roughly 33,000 words that I’ve written for my portfolio. That’s a pretty fair effort, considering that I have a full-time job. In fact, c’est brilliant. 

I’ve learnt so much French. It’s something that I genuinely enjoy doing. I have friends and a lovely partner who is amazingly supportive of me.

I have so much in my life. 

I think people with mental illness think it’s just them. Fuck no. Mental illness is a completely holistic condition that transcends anyone with the ability to comprehend logic.

Some flow with logic a lot better than others and quite frankly, most people design their logic so that they are in a constant state of denial about their own suffering. Some people are so blithely unaware of their own emotions that they think there is nothing wrong with them.

So honestly, be glad that you can at least feel your own pain and suffering. At least you know you’re fucked. All that’s next is to believe that you have the power to change and then you’re already halfway there. 

It’s just how you deal with it. Don’t shut down. Keep going. Always keep going towards the light, even if you cannot see it. 

Use common sense. Do your homework. Don’t be an asshole to others. Move. Forward. 

Life may seem sufferable most of the time and we sure are amazing at covering it up by excessively spending our time working or becoming obsessed with TV shows. 

However there is a beautiful life out there. I can promise that. You just have to keep searching for it and eventually it will all just… make sense. 

Well, except for today. Words. Words. Words.