---
id: "111459506750"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "zing-zing."
summary: "zing-zing."
date: "2015-02-19 10:51:17 GMT"
slug: "zing-zing"
state: "published"
tags: "sales,job,work,motivation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1dpWHe_"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/111459506750/zing-zing"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

With that said it’s been four days (technically three and a half) and I haven’t make a single sale yet.

I’ve learnt so much though and I keep trying and learning and refining and even if I don’t make it past a month, the amount of skills that I’ll have learnt is ridiculously. It’s like I’m getting paid to learn and at $25 an hour full-time, I’m raking in more than a grand each week. 

So it’s a four week trial period and I’m giving this my all. I need to make 4 sales a week to make $45,000 base and that’s not including bonuses, so it’s more like $50,000. The base wage goes up incrementally depending on the amount of sales you make.

If you can manage to make 8 sales a week, you get $100,000 base salary and including bonuses you’re looking at $120,000 a year. There are people there who manage to achieve this. It’s where my aspirations are and why I’m trying so hard to reach my goals. 

I was talking to this one guy who’s been in the industry for more than 20 years and he says that this is the hardest sales job he’s ever done. He used to be earning $120,000 working in insurance, but then the global financial crisis hit. 

So as you can imagine, I’m giving this my all. Effectively you make more than 180 phone calls a day and you probably talk to about 12 of them and I write down every encounter and what I need to improve one

In the beginning, I could barely even ask questions. Now I’m amazing at rationalising, however I still haven’t quite figured how to get people’s emotions involved. I don’t know how to inspire and motivate, like I truly should. 

This reminds me when I was new to women and I could barely even talk to a girl. It was a new chapter in my life. I hadn’t even lost my virginity. Now it’s like, eh, I have an amazing girlfriend and I have so much confidence with girls.

It’s like my old drive is back. I want to be able to make a sale. If you can make a sale, you can just about do anything else in your life. Influence is a very subtle art and it’s something I hope to master.