---
id: "68302201231"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "12345678910."
summary: "12345678910."
date: "2013-11-27 22:19:00 GMT"
slug: "12345678910"
state: "published"
tags: "break up,depression,desire,love,girlfriend,sad"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q-d8E6F"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/68302201231/12345678910"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I have no desire to write anymore. 

I don’t really know how I feel at this stage. I was talking to a friend yesterday and I really think I nailed what we’re both going through. Maybe you can relate.

Let’s give life a 10 rating. Let’s assume you’re smart, you care about life and you're technically well off. Yet in-spite of this, you don’t feel so good about yourself. Your days range from feeling like a 2 to sometimes feeling like a 7 when you’re optimistic and a 9 when you’re REALLY happy, however you seem to hover mostly around a 5. 

So you know that getting a girlfriend will change everything. You know that getting a girlfriend will make you feel like a 10. You know it’s the solution to all your problems. So you get a girlfriend and honestly, you may even feel like an 11 at times, it’s that damn good. So you’re at 11 and it’s the best feeling in the whole entire world. 

Then what happens is she inevitably leaves and you’re back to ranging between feeling like a 2 and 5. It becomes absolutely unbearable compared to what it was before. You feel like you’ve lost your prime and life is just not the same. There’s no attachment, no passion, no drive - all the things you got from being in-love.

Breaking up, however, I think, is ultimately healthy, even though it’s devastating. Healthy in the sense that it forces you to try harder to be happy. Once you experience 10, you want it back so bad.

What you ultimately learn from the process, is that having a girlfriend isn’t the solution.

YOU are the solution, because YOU are the problem.

See friend, you’re inherently a 5. You feel like a 5. The fact that you had a girlfriend, was just a temporary measure to make you feel like a 10, but the moment she’s gone you’re back to 5 and worse. You haven’t particularly changed who you are. You’ve only masked your own problems with the lust of another. 

So what it does is that it forces you try your best to feel like a 10 again. Of course, I play it smart and I do it mostly in a constructive way. Many people do destructive things to feel like a 10 and that’s the real danger of a break up for some people. 

I’ve started trading currencies to make money. I’ve started learning about happiness psychology. I’ve been focusing on myself. Doing what I can to hold on.

The only problem is it you can NEVER feel like a 10 again, unless if you get a girlfriend. That’s a fact. But the whole point is to feel like a 9, so that when you are in a relationship, it’s the extra 1 that drives you crazy - the icing on the cake.

I don’t think I’m a 9. I think my sadness comes in waves. It’s hard to keep yourself at a 9. I’ve been there a couple of times, but there are days when you just want to sink your heart in and cry.

I can’t tell you how badly I want to be in-love again. If I could just taste it, grasp it, anything. Oh please :(