---
id: "66457065424"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "amelia."
summary: "amelia."
date: "2013-11-09 12:03:00 GMT"
slug: "amelia"
state: "published"
tags: "amelia,story,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8qzv9bVG"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66457065424/amelia"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

There’s this one girl, Amelia, that I’d met over tumblr and while she has decidedly left my life to pursue her own fate, she’ll occasionally appear in my thoughts. (though now less frequent, if not to the point of delinquency) 

I don’t quite remember how we met, but she said she really liked my writing and I was quite desperate to lose my virginity at the time, so I indulged in what would be the greatest encounter of my entire life. Whatever it was she saw in me, I’ll never know, for she had talents beyond even my own wildest imaginations. She was certainly the most special girl I’d ever met and I think a majority of the people who’ve had the pleasure of meeting her, would describe her most amiably as something rather ‘magical’ to say the least.

You could say our relationship was very convoluted. It was neither healthy nor loving one. Yet never in my entire life had I been more in lust with another human being. It was something that transcended human comprehension.

<!-- more -->

She was one of the few people to tell me everything about her life. All the excruciating details and secrets that never got mentioned, but at a severe price to my stature: I was just a stranger to her life. She’d tell me all the stories of how she’d fuck all these guys, her prior relationships, her life, her sacred bond with nature and it’d make me incredibly jealous and depressed. Put simply, I wasn’t the guy getting fucked. Rather, I was the 'gay friend’.

It’s interesting to note that our very relationship was built upon a lie. I was under the impression that we were going to be fuck buddies, though she simply wanted to be friends, unbeknownst to myself. The very first night we met each other, I managed to convince her to have sex with me, even though she was incredibly nervous and may have even passed out during the proceedings. I couldn’t figure out why. 

After that moment, she was adamant not to have sex with me again. Yet the second time we met, I managed to convince her to do it and it made her really depressed the day after, for she had betrayed the trust of another person and had discovered her love for another guy. I remember being on the verge of tears when I had to walk her back to the train station. Though we’ve talked about the whole thing in great detail and it’s all behind us now

Amelia was so magical, so very mysterious, is that I could honestly write a novel about her life and still not get down to the details of who she was as a person. At a later point in our very last conversation, she managed to entice me with one of her more particular secrets, though she was reluctant to say anything more. Irregardless, she managed to completely change my perception on life and the very functioning of the universe, in ways that would deem me a little insane.

Deep down inside, I know she still thinks about me. According to the stats of the last blog I had, she just checked in then! She’s a very special girl and I don’t mean that as hyperbole. I will never meet another Amelia again, though if I do (supposedly she says “there’s a lot of more of them” than you think) then I will be ready to confirm my beliefs with some of that “smooth talk” I keep touting about.