---
id: "67249560946"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "baseline."
summary: "baseline."
date: "2013-11-17 12:13:00 GMT"
slug: "baseline"
state: "published"
tags: "grief,recovery,break up,love,desire,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_eOjro"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67249560946/baseline"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I think I’m doing pretty well now. I at least have some semblance of focus and I’m appreciating the fundamental tenants of life, as opposed to worrying about my loss. I’ve downloaded a heap of new music and I’ve just been watching war documentaries for the past hour or so. I would hardly describe myself as “happy” but it’s certainly a better state than before. No longer does my grief consume me. I can think clearly about myself and I now have purpose to behold. Before I would just stew in my own little world of confusion. Now I can grasp onto basic goals.

What really helps me get through these tough mental dilemmas, is to actually learn about what I’m facing in great detail. I like reading about my symptoms (i.e. the entry for ‘grief’ on Wikipedia) so that I can get a better understanding of what I’m facing and how to deal with it. I’m very good at improvising and adapting, so if you give me the basis of what I’m experiencing, I can pretty much extrapolate on what I need to do in order to overcome my woes. 

I don’t quite know how I feel about my ex. I still love her so much and I’m really hoping that we get back to together at a future point in time. In fact, I haven’t really moved on from that construct. To me, she’s so amazing and I don’t want to let her go; least of all under these conditions. I’m thinking of going over to hers early December, if not for the simple fact that I think it’d make her remarkably happy. 

The worst thing is that I literally have no idea how she feels about me, even now, after our break up. I don’t know if she hates me or if she thinks I’m nothing to her life or if she even wants me. I’m still holding onto this idea that I’ll be with her in the future, but it’s an idea that has no concrete basis. Maybe it’s what’s been preventing me from my complete break down thus far? The hope that we still have a chance?

From the moment I ended it, I said we should take at least one week apart from each other. No communication. Nothing. It hasn’t really bothered me that much and I’m glad I did it. It’s helped me detach from her, yet at the same time, I still feel the same way about her. 

I get to talk to her next Tuesday, though the whole thing worries me. I hope she hasn’t completely gotten rid of me from my life. Worst yet, I can imagine she’s in the exact same condition, which is something I cannot simply ignore. Though it’s something I can certainly deal with a lot better. 

The most important part of this for me, is that even though I still love her, I actually feel like I’ve gained complete independence from her clutch. Her depression doesn’t affect me at all. It’s not something I even think about. I can still go around being me, without having the anxiety of guilt or regret being shoved down my throat. I feel somewhat human from all of this. 

What truly hurts, is my desire for her love. I want to be close with her, but I know I physically can’t because of her condition, though it’s something I’m slowly beginning to accept. It sucks, but it doesn’t make me worry. I’m becoming part of the landscape.

You know, it’s only been five days since my departure and I feel like I’m doing a pretty damn good job for myself.