---
id: "69362873708"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "bliss."
summary: "bliss."
date: "2013-12-08 10:26:00 GMT"
slug: "bliss"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,feeling,beauty,humanity,negativity,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10cMNLi"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/69362873708/bliss"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today was simply phenomenal. I feel amazing about myself in ways that words cannot distort and I’m happy with my being in just about every possible sense of the expression; with who I am as a person, to the present moment I entail.

This website changed it all for me. It’s hilarious reading it, because after you get the basic grasp their conceptual psychology, which encompass our insecurities and their universality, it almost perfectly explains what’s wrong our generation and why we have so much depression and the accompanying mental disorders of anxiety and anorexia, especially in women. You can see it in real-time going through people’s facebook pages, and worst of all, people have no idea that they’re doing it to themselves.

It’s possible to be happy with your every single living moment, just as it’s possible to become a grand-pianist. All you need is the will power and technique to carry thus through.

If your life is a struggle, I’m not saying that the path to happiness, or even emotional stability is an easy task to follow. More often than not, it’s those first few steps which are most difficult, if not your struggle itself. But there’s always a better way to live and once you obtain your own happiness, which I promise will happen in due time, life itself becomes the fairy-tale of your desire. 

No judgement. No critical mind. No hate. No false imagery. No anxiety. No stress. No negativity. No jealousy. None of that.

Just bliss as intended; draped ever so keenly in the beauty we hide from ourselves.