---
id: "66920910840"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "break-up."
summary: "break-up."
date: "2013-11-14 00:57:00 GMT"
slug: "break-up"
state: "published"
tags: "girlfriend,break up,love,relationship,struggle"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_Kp0-u"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66920910840/break-up"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Well here’s the context of my break-up, at least from my understanding, simply because she refuses to communicate with me. So naturally I had to piece all the elements of the puzzle together myself, to form some kind of coherent context, which I assume is correct, though I cannot know. 

Basically she had suicidal depression long before she knew me and having ended up in a relationship, thought it was best not to tell me about her condition. 

In the beginning it was great for the both of us and her ability to feign her own happiness becomes somewhat manageable. In fact, I affect her to the extent that it makes her happy, though she is still ill. Yet obviously I’m only a band-aid fix and as time goes along, she decidedly becomes worse and remembers that her real problems cannot simply be neglected with an emotional support from another guy. Eventually she reaches the point of becoming an emotional zombie.

<!-- more -->

She won’t even talk to me. She’ll just sit there and shrug. In fact, that’s one of the really sad things for me. In the preceding days before our break-up, I never had a chance to see her face or hear her voice. It hurts a lot.

So essentially, I was lied to from the very beginning. Worst of all, it turns out she was never in-love with me. Yes, the whole thing is a mess. But at the same time, I can’t really complain. She also gave up her time and her commitment, which is all you can ask for in a relationship. We both got something out of it and even for what it was, I wouldn’t have traded it in for the world. Most of all, she taught me the value of love. Even if she didn’t love me the way I loved her, she still taught me the valuable lesson of how to love another person. The time, the care, the dedication. She was my beautiful child. 

However I think her recovery is going to take a LONG time and even then, it’s going to come and go in waves. The sad thing is that I know how to help her and what she has to actually do to recover, but she simply won’t listen to me. She can barely listen to herself, so it really is up to her own devices at this point.

It feels terrible to have let something like this go. I still want her so bad, but the conditions do not permit. It’s like knowing that you have the most perfect video game in the world, but the disk is scratched and you cannot play it. But yes, since I broke up with her, I feel like I’ve been freed from her depression and her clutch.

The only problem now is filing that void. I want a girlfriend so bad. Not because I’m over my mimi, but because I just want to be loved. It’s all I’ve ever wanted. To be loved by another girl and be happy. I just want to experience love that isn’t one-sided. I just want to hear her tell me, for very the first time, that she loves me. Then I can call it a day and not worry so much about my life.