---
id: "67939549380"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "checkout."
summary: "checkout."
date: "2013-11-24 09:38:00 GMT"
slug: "checkout"
state: "published"
tags: "beautiful,cute girls,stranger,shy,fantasy,romantic,blush,desire,confidence,cute"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q-HWq34"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67939549380/checkout"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

So there’s this checkout chick at my local supermarket and she’s just GORGEOUS. Like, she’s big, pudgy and most likely insecure, however she looks like she’d be the sweetest girl if you’d ever had the chance to know her. 

Her face is lovely and she looks really cute. I could honestly look at her for hours and admire the simple elegance in her protrude. She has this sad/tired/hopeless thing going on, but I think there’s a certain appeal to seeming vulnerable. I’ve never actually seen her smile because her mind always seems preoccupied with some other method of internal struggle, but that honestly adds to her allure and mystery as a target.

Just to see her smile would do wonders to my gratification.

She always looks as if there’s something troubling her mind. Maybe she’s worrying about her appearance, or her family, or some other greater concern in that world of imperfect she inhabits. To me it seems like the perfect excuse to interrupt what she’s doing at work and by surprise, ask her out with a dashing confidence. I’m sure it would make her feel magical. 

Fuck.

I really just want to see her smile. I know it would make me happy.

I sense she’s a blank canvas in terms of the romanticism you could instill within her. With the right words in play, you just know you could sweep her off her feet and take her to a sanctuary of deep sexual attraction, far away in her mind. I imagine she’s a sucker for the humble romantic. At the very least I’d make her into one.

Part of me senses that her tastes are very generic. I’m sure she just wants the hot, tall, muscular white guy like the rest of them. I’ll make her think otherwise. 

Aside from her face (and most possibly the rest of the false lore I’ve perpetuated out of my own lust), her other appeal is her aforementioned size. She looks like the kind of person you’d most certainly want to cuddle and spoon in bed, to a great delight of your body. I get giddy thinking about it. She’s rather large in weight relative to her height, but she’s also not that tall so I think it’s kinky.

Oh gee. I just want to squish her and feel her and do things to her, but oh, why bother, because it’s never going to happen and I’m just going to sit here and write about it. I may as well pour my heart out while I have the chance.

She has a certain innocence to her which adores the inner child in me. You may call it an air of humble belligerence. Yet at the same time, you sense a vague possibility of sinister plot; the bad girl reigns free tonight. Black leather jacket with a cutie look of shine. You know underneath the deception and lies that she’s a good girl in bad shoes, as she walks all over you to the grave. I would let her cheat on me any day. I want her to control me. I want her to make me feel hurt.

Yet you know she couldn’t. That’s why it’s so amazing. 

As a romantic, you sense there’s room to play with her desires and make her feel special. You could play the bad boy and really enhance the way she feels about herself. You could be suave and charming. You could shower her with love and appreciation. She’s the sandbox which never stops giving.

She knows she’s quite big and that she probably doesn’t get approached by a lot of guys, so she does this whole “I’m vulnerable, come get me boys” look and she’s got me caught hook, line and sinker. The facial expression gives it away. She doesn’t seem particularly confident in the way she delivers herself as a person, but I love it, I love it, I love it. 

Listen fuckhead, I’m just being pedantic over words. There’s no way I could possibly approach her without it being way too awkward. She served me once in the past and it was just weird, because it was at her work and she really just wants to not think and do her job. Though I know she’d really appreciate it (I mean, who wouldn’t?) however the ramifications are too much for me.

She’s the kind of girl I could fluster with my poetry. I would make her laugh and hold her to sleep. If I told her she was beautiful, she’d probably blush and start to cry. Oh dear, now I’m really beginning to make things up. 

She puts on a lot of make up and I think that’s why she looks so damn cute. She does this Asian thing with her eyeliner and she has this fringe that's makes me think: “OMG I want to fuck you so bad.” But yeah, I’ve tried asking strangers out in the past and it just doesn’t work. Especially not under this context.

Yep. You’ve guessed it. 

I’m a tragic romantic in almost every sense and my collectively deluded fantasies will always be mine to cherish. All of a sudden, I have created a dream based upon false rumors, as my senses roam freely like a bunch of drunken sailors in the dark. I don’t even know her in the slightest and yet here I am, pondering upon the words that sell beauty like it’s air.

Breathe in the chastity.