---
id: "67103579120"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "clear."
summary: "clear."
date: "2013-11-16 00:43:50 GMT"
slug: "clear"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,binge,weed,friends,pain"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_Vhrlm"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67103579120/clear"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

This past week has been rough for me, but I feel, or at least hope, I’m making some progress on my own delinquency. 

I’ve really fallen off my perch this time; binge eating till the point of falling asleep, as I struggle with a distinct pain that I cannot yet locate. However in-spite of the drama, I’ve woken up this morning feeling quite clear-headed. I feel stable. For once I can actually think about the objects within my immediate future. I’m not particularly sad or emotional. At least I feel like I’m in control. Though my friend tells me the grief comes in waves. 

My mouth is like a dry canyon, encompassing the passing air into a concentrated locality I’d like to know. The properties of smoke and carbohydrates have somewhat damaged the flesh-lining on the interior above my tongue. These are the inconsistencies that mold my pain. 

My Chinese exam is less than 7 days away and I haven’t studied for it at all. Thankfully I’m feeling quite good about myself this morning and I’m actually going to work towards that goal of passing said exam.

I’m incredibly excited for tonight. I’m going to have a sleepover at my best friend’s house, whom I haven’t seen in about 3 months. What truly excites me, is that he has the BEST weed in the world. Like, not just good weed, but weed that makes you sit down in awe at the head-rush it provides. We’re talking LAD territory here, folks. The same place I got rolled by those bunch of faggots, but now I’m a more cautious variety to be comprehended. Not to mention, he has GTA5 which I haven’t properly played yet and his friends are going to be there, so it’s going to be sweet as hell.

So yes, today I’m feeling good about myself. It’s a refreshing change, though likely only a temporary distraction at best. I’ll latch on to what I can, thank you very much.

Even though I haven’t heard from my girlfriend since Tuesday, I don’t worry about her anymore (I’m not a bad person, am I?) I have faith in her. Oh, how I love her so much. I miss her so much and all I want to do is hold her and cry :(

I don’t actually think about her very much. She lingers in my thoughts, but I think it’s at least manageable. that’s a good thing, 

Oh yeah, I think the youngest one there will be 15, so clearly I’m fucked in the head for hanging out with teenagers. Though to give you some context as to the kind of people they are, the 15 year old is literally covered in tatts and his fingernails are constantly black. He’s a little… derelict? But this is my kind of crowd. A series of dysfunctional teenagers, whom honestly couldn’t be more nice nor caring. 

Let’s focus on the substance here, not the blatant aesthetics.