---
id: "68762333884"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "current."
summary: "current."
date: "2013-12-02 07:16:21 GMT"
slug: "current"
state: "published"
tags: "love,false,desperate,relationship,self-worth,imagery"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q102ZVAy"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/68762333884/current"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m still trying to make sense of what being in a relationship meant to me, because that really is what I’ve been struggling with the most. I suppose not being in a relationship was my greatest insecurity. Getting into a relationship was a test of my manhood. The ultimate gauge of my success. On the other-hand, having a girlfriend really seemed like the ultimate fuck you to everyone I knew. I mean, it’s all I ever talked about and you know it’s complete bullshit when people make Tumblr gifs as an “expression of their love”, because love is an emotion that comes from within, not via a desperate montage.

To me it wasn’t about love (even though I embraced it fully). It was about obtaining a sense of self-worth.

Hell, I know I’m talented. I know I’m not dumb. I know I have so many friends, so many experiences, so many things to look forward to. I actually have an understanding of this world; an understanding that gives me privilege. I’m an independent, critical thinker. I analyse things. I make sure I’m safe. I have nothing to worry about. 

Being in a relationship made me really happy, but love is such a fickle topic. I think it’s stupid in that love is just an image in your head. If you tell yourself enough times over and over that love will make you happy, then you may just be inclined to believe it. It’s the same thing with sex. I love the imagery of sex, but the act itself, I find bland. Now I realise that sex is more an extension of my love for another person. I much rather enjoy the intimacy and the romance. I like the expression, not the label. I want to be creative with my love, in ways that sex cannot portray. 

The problem I have is that even though I generally despise people, I’m so vulnerable and desperate that I could just about fall in-love with anyone.

But fuck it. If it’s one thing I’ve learnt from the course I’m studying, it’s that everything is just a false image in our head, compelled by our own “real” beliefs. In that case, let’s focus on my own image. I’m an intellectual, drug-taking badass who makes thousands of dollars every week trading cryptocurrencies. He also likes to read ;)

I have no reason to be ashamed of who I am. It’s not my fault girls aren’t attracted to my mania. If they don’t like it, that’s not my problem. That’s theirs, because I should be comfortable with who I am. I should please myself first and foremost; people can think what they want of me. I may not have all the solutions, but I’m an exotic flavor that some people would absolutely die for. Sure, I limit my choices, but I’ll be damned if I limit my potential.

So you like living a fantasy surrounded by cute white guys with snap backs and lip piercings? Sorry babe, I don’t do that. I like poetry and psychedelics. Now fuck off