---
id: "66568210605"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "de-lish."
summary: "de-lish."
date: "2013-11-10 14:11:00 GMT"
slug: "de-lish"
state: "published"
tags: "struggle,feeling,life,spilled ink,writing"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8qz-naYj"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66568210605/de-lish"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I no longer know how I feel. 

Life used to be stunning. My girlfriend; vibrant and luscious. My friends were brimming with love. Pages of money to go round, with a daunty whore for each galore and now… well, the whole thing stinks of “ponzi”. It really does reminisce of a failed drama series from the ‘90s and… oh please! I beg you to the moon, from the sun and all it’s constituents! Leave my poor actors alone! I am yet to fondle the cute one!

So now that the honeymoon is over and my sex life is gasping for a breath of fresh air (though that of the stale variety may have to consist), I can feel the suddenness of my heart prevail into a splutter of feigned motivation. All that I can see for miles is this gargantuan bill I’ve conveniently scribbled “invalid” with my bright green marker and a bunch of illegible IOU’s I’ve vaguely adjusted to the script and torn. Yet in-spite of my efforts, I now feel safer from all the threats of death and candy I’ve been slandered. 

I sorely miss my girlfriend. She hasn’t been the same since her depression struck blue and without my jar of leftover Korean syllables from the war, I cannot help but feel complacent to the shrugs and murmurs she retorts. My friends remain solid, though they too are seemingly depreciating in coinage. I want to be a good person. I really do. But when your life revolves around resuscitation and blatant hysteria, it kind of feels like forcing a shotgun down your throat while begging for your own mercy in tandem. 

In the ultimate scheme of things, I do suppose crying is a suitable substitute for our recently inducted “breakfast of champions league”.