---
id: "66709695714"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "dilemma."
summary: "dilemma."
date: "2013-11-11 21:19:00 GMT"
slug: "dilemma"
state: "published"
tags: "life,girlfriend,mimi,dilemma,love"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_8DIpY"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66709695714/dilemma"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

This is going to be an excruciatingly long post. However it’s also an incredibly important topic in regards to my life and if you read it… well, thank you. That’s all I really have to offer for your time. Here goes: 

I love my girlfriend immeasurably. She’s all I really think about. It’s in my best interest to make her happy, to make her feel good about herself, to make her feel special. I do it because I love her, possibly more than anything else in the world. The only problem is that her depression is certifiably killing me. It not only makes me feel depressed, but it completely destroys any sense of motivation I’ve previously had and it pains me in so many different ways, that I just want to cry thinking about it. Of course, I can imagine it’s much worse for her. 

<!-- more -->

On top of that, to discover that the girl you love and thought loved you back, was never in-love with you at all, feels worse than anything else in the world. Words cannot even describe the emotions I produce. I feel empty thinking about it. She adores me like no one else. But any possible sentiment brooding from that, is now being masked by her condition. By the same token, she’s also in no condition to love so I don’t blame her. 

I don’t know why she has a severe case of depression. Could it be me? Could it be her life? Her past relationships? Anything’s possible at this stage and I can’t help but feel responsible in some regard, simply existing as a part of her life. However I do believe this has been an on-going trend, before even my conception. I just don’t know.

Irregardless, I’m there to support her whenever I can. I always try to be with her and make her feel better about herself, even if my actions are completely meaningless to the overall scheme of her illness. Yet my brain is catching up to the reality of who she’s become. The girl I once loved, is no more in my mind. 

I still hang out with her as if she’s my girlfriend. I treat her with the same regard as my girlfriend. I love her like my girlfriend and I certainly feel committed to her as if we were in a serious relationship. But the girl who stands there is certifiably not the person I loved from the get-go. 

She is gravely ill and it’s important to note that I do not resent her for it.

Personally for me, it really is the relationship part which is hurting me the most. What we have is hardly a relationship. She doesn’t express herself to me, she barely communicates with me and I feel like I’m talking to a zombie most days. Make that constantly. Love with a person is a two-way street and when you’re shouting at a brick wall, you feel utterly useless and depraved. It’s the worst possible kind of love anyone can experience. You give and give and give, yet worst still, at no point is your love ever received. She simply rejects out of her own inability and that is the most emotionally, soul-crushing practice anyone can partake. It’s a pain that transcends logic, though she is hardly in any state of logic to comprehend. 

One thing I’ve realised from our daily encounter, is that it doesn’t matter what I say or do to her overall scheme of sustenance. It has no effect on her condition what-so-ever and that’s an important point to make. She is at her own discretion. Yet in-spite of this knowledge, I still do as much as I can to make her feel better about herself. I’m sure she appreciates it to some degree.

However it’s a losing battle and I’m not sure how much longer I can last. It hurts. It hurts so much, but I have no other choice. 

Part of me is suggesting that I break up with her. At the same time, I don’t think I could personally deal with it on any level. I put so much into her, she’s my first relationship and I love for more than life itself. What we had was special. So special that I wouldn’t trade it in for the world. Our romance and the ensuing intimacy, was something that made life feel like a fairy-tale in every possible sense. Every living moment with her felt like an episode to the perfect dream and I know that when she gets better, it’ll be indifferent to the bond we had.

She would make me so happy as person. In fact, I’d never been happier until I met her. She made life perfect. She was the true compliment to my life, as the stars are to the sky. To let her go under these conditions, would sever a part of me which I could possibly never gain back. It would ruin me to the point of delirium.

If she had decided to break up with me on her terms, under different circumstances, I would honestly be okay with it. It would suck, but it would be no dramas for my conscious. I’m a strong guy. My primary defense mechanism is to let go, but only when the time is right. But to let go and forget under these impossibly imperfect conditions? It’s like jabbing a needle through my heart to suck out the blood, when they could have just sought for a vein. 

On the other hand, I can’t continue down this path of torture. I want to support her and be there for her, but it’s destroying me in the process. I’m slowly becoming the girl I cannot recognise. I’m becoming her.

By no means is this an easy situation for either of us are in and she has much larger problems to worry about than I do, which in part is why I feel an obligation to help her. But I don’t want to give up on her, because it would ultimately mean giving up on myself.

That’s the biggest problem I face. It’s me or her. Yet in my mind, we are one of the same thing, so the consequences are dramatic either way. She’s everything I want. She’s everything I desire, but I have no logical way of dealing with this. There’s only pain from here on in.

You know that when she can’t even appreciate basic love, in any quantity, and is in a state completely devoid of any sentiment, she’s suffering personal problems beyond other people’s control. That’s just how it is. 

However my faith in her recovery is 100% and more. Make that 1000%. I know for a fact that she is in a rough patch that things will get better with time. The only problem is time itself. I feel like a large part of my life is going to waste (as is hers, quite obviously). Yet as I’ve said, this point is inevitable for me, with or without her in my life. I’m simply bitching for the sake of complacency: the one thing I desire more than most right now.

I think I’ll learn to deal with it better over time and the only way I can do that is by detaching myself from her. Yet this means giving up my passion for her, slowly but surely, to the point where it becomes manageable. Yet even that within itself, is no way to live one’s life. To loosen to the hold on the one aspect in your life that made appreciation itself worthy of attention. 

The reason why I’m not willing to give up on her, is because I really do view her as something perfect. I generally struggle with people. Not because I can’t get along, I can certainly get along with just about anyone if I force myself to be pleasant, because that’s what I excel at the social manipulator. I don’t get along because I generally despise society for what it is. Most people either frustrate me, bore me or generally have nothing to offer to my personality, so I don’t bother.

I mean, I still treat everyone with the same amount of respect and I still listen to what they say so I can make up my own mind as to what I think of them, but there are very few people I encounter who tickle me a certain way, or have anything new to offer to my repertoire of experience.

Though when it does happen and I do meet someone I can suffice to appreciate, I think it’s fair to say that it’s remarkably special for the both of us. 

There are very few people in my life who have made me feel a certain way about myself and my girlfriend is one of them. She makes me excited about life. She gives me hope. In a world filled with things to neglect, my girlfriend is an exemplary example of what I don’t hate about humanity.

We undoubtedly connect. We don’t fight. We understand each other internally and I think that’s why we haven’t ended it thus far. We think on similar terms and we have such a vast mutual understanding of each other, that our relationship is largely friction-less. I can’t imagine finding another girl like her. She is lovely in more ways than I can describe. She’s stunningly beautiful. She’s intelligent. She’s non-superficial. Yet the only thing getting in the way of our relationship is her illness.

There’s not one thing about her that I would change. Truly, I wouldn’t. 

Our situation and I say ‘our’ because that is the decision I’ve made, to support her and be with her, is largely imperfect, but it’s the hand I’ve been dealt. I feel hopeless, yet glad without shame. I have no particular solution, though I’m not going to let it bring me down. I treat it as a challenge more than anything else. It’s what brings out the best in me. Struggle and how I learn to effectively deal with it. 

My life is already filled with stress, yet none of it is apparent to me. I should be a nervous wreck, but I’m a strong individual with a lot to look forward to in life. Almost everyone has that potential. 

I will live to that potential.