---
id: "66754354292"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "eeek."
summary: "eeek."
date: "2013-11-12 05:13:00 GMT"
slug: "eeek"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,depression,writing"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_Atfnq"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66754354292/eeek"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I like the way you topsy-turvy my fine recollect, sugar. You hair is in bundles, to the joy that I seek. Your cascading desire tingles ever-so lightly into my faulty lexicon of lust and pain. My personal vision is a mess. Mist is piercing through my eyes, but surely it’s better than the nothingness I seek? 

You shroud me with hate, yet I bask your presence like it’s the source of life itself. Give it back, you bitch. You burn me with those tiny, putrid fingers of yours. Nails digging deep into my lonely soul. It hurts, but it lingers the way I like it. Haze upon haze upon haze. Like an unforgettable memory which takes you back years, to a memory you can produce without sorrow. I stand here in the pieces you have produced; crushed and mellow to the elements I curse. At least my writing is interesting again.

I’m pretty like a discarded flower. At least that’s what I’d like to think, as I’m stepped on and prodded. Beauty is a futile attempt at delusion. I am weak, scared and stupid. So very, very stupid. You inflict, yet these scars on my face are all yours to appreciate. Take me back. Forever and ever.

Oh, hey there! You may not have noticed that I’m the author of these words! My name is Julius, a fabulously charming beast and as a result of the actions I have provoked over my own inability to find love, I would now consider myself a depressed variety of the creature lurking within.

Because only a dumb animal like myself would be in this present state, because no human has any illicit hope to become what I have tread. Don’t worry though, because depression is a hilarity which deserves extra points, if not for the complete debilitation I observe in third-person. I pray everyday that my girlfriend doesn’t reach fourth.

My Irish friend says that if you can’t laugh about it, don’t talk about it. He should have died multiple times over his life, but thankfully he’s survived, which is why he’s a raging alcoholic. Yet expression is paramount to my survival. So don’t be so offended if I “laugh about it” because I most certainly will, as a way to deal with the gun held firmly to the back of my head. I really hope that faceless bastard doesn’t pull the trigger, because I’m absolutely terrified of the consequence.

Thankfully I’m only at the stage where life becomes that dull trek into the park, so that you can gleefully watch your favorite tree in the whole wide world, wilt helpless into the ground and die. Goodbye tree! I really liked your roots and their somewhat limited grasp on ancient proverbs. They would wrap me and care. Sing me to sleep and cry to my heels, as a way to say thank you for the appreciation I forgave. But like that tree, I have wilted and died.

Meet my resurrection…. coming to a theatre near you.