---
id: "66762535624"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "fine."
summary: "fine."
date: "2013-11-12 07:28:00 GMT"
slug: "fine"
state: "published"
tags: "life,sad,problem,anxiety,hate,hurt"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_BMtB8"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66762535624/fine"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Well, if there’s never been a better time to hate yourself, now is probably a suitable outing. She’s decided to just ignore me completely, as if it’s somehow going to make things better or at the very least, relieve me of my symptoms. I know she doesn’t want to hurt me, but it’s not as simple as that and contrary to popular belief, it’s making things a lot worse on my end of the spectrum. 

I worry about her A LOT. You may call it a form of anxiety I’ve developed. I worry about how she is, if she’s okay, how she’s feeling. I worry that I may wake up one day and find that she isn’t there. That is what scares me the most and it makes me want to burst into tears just thinking about it. I wouldn’t be able to deal with it on any level. 

I get anxious simply when she’s not in my sight. If I can’t see her on Skype or if I don’t hear from her for a while, my mind goes into overdrive I get really, really nervous. I feel like having a heart attack. 

Going away doesn’t solve anything. It’s the reason why everything fell apart in the first place: lack of communication and expression. All I want to do now is breakdown and cry, while the rest of the world floats above me. I am being patronized and I don’t see how I deserve it. 

I mean, how on earth does someone move on from something like this? You know, even take love out of the equation, I still care for her as a person. Imagine if one of the people you cared for, just stopped talking to you and… oh, why bother. Everything sucks and there’s not a damn thing I can do about it except cry. 

Fair enough, I say.