---
id: "67145204303"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "focus."
summary: "focus."
date: "2013-11-16 12:28:00 GMT"
slug: "focus"
state: "published"
tags: "life,struggle,break up,pain"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_YAe9F"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67145204303/focus"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I have no focus what-so-ever. I’m currently suffering from very OCD like symptoms and my mind is all over the place. This is my supposed way of "dealing with it". For a few countless repetitions, I’ll proceed to open and close the exact same websites again and again, as per the paradigm I have now unleashed. 

It drives me insane. I don’t want to be in this state, yet I have no solutions to my dilemma. I have no sufficient way of dealing with my grief. I absolutely hate everything about my life at this point. I have no idea what I can do to change that, not at all. 

Funny how two weeks ago, I remarked that I honestly wouldn’t change one single aspect of my life. So instead, my life decided to change itself for me and now I’m stuck with my own insanity to deal with. Though this really just confirms the one aspect of my life which has been consistent throughout time: No matter how perfect something may seem, everything is temporary in nature. From the duration of my friendships, to the very friendships themselves, everything in my life is seemingly cut short. In almost every case, it’s been an issue of “wrong place, wrong time”. I can never seem to get anything right, simply by chance alone. Yet these things are completely out of my control, which is why everything just seems like a stream of bad luck for me.

The real problem for me, is that I have this overwhelming mantra that says I’m never going to find another girl ever again that will make me happy. Which basically translates to, “unless if I meet another girl like mimi, I’m really just doing myself a disservice”. I’m having an immense amount of difficulty letting go and I don’t even think I’ve let go at this point. It feels more like we’ve taken time apart. Absolutely none of my feelings about her have changed in any way. The most painful part if it all, is that I’m still holding onto this future which I may or may not be apart of. What if she never recovers? What if she doesn’t want me? I don’t see how I could possibly live. 

I think it’s important to understand your own feelings, because I don’t treat them as invalid. While I see literally no room for recovery, I’m optimistic based on past hopelessness and that’s all one can really ask for. It will take time to recover and while it may be a dull and lackluster period for me, I really have no other choice to deal with the pain. May as well enjoy the scenery while it lasts.