---
id: "69775787966"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "nurture."
summary: "nurture."
date: "2013-12-12 09:41:00 GMT"
slug: "nurture"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,break up,mimi,hate,self-worth,rejection,sad,accept,mother"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10_zWU_"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/69775787966/nurture"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I was doing so well, but now it’s all fallen apart. Actually, I’ve done a lot of thinking about it and nothing particularly bothers me about my predicament anymore. It just turns out my break up wasn’t the only thing shredding me to pieces.

My mother has returned after a two month holiday abroad and all those feelings of rejection and self-hate have come back to haunt me. All she does is complain and make self-criticisms of me. However it made me come to a stark realisation.

Mimi was the mother I never had.

That’s why she meant so much to me. That’s why I fought for her struggle. That’s why I was so willing to see her through, even though I knew it’d end up destroying me. 

She accepted me for who I was and I felt I could express myself to her. I felt I could just be myself and not worry about self-judgment or criticism. She felt like everything my mother should’ve been.

I was dying for affection on the inside. The acceptance of her speech. That’s why her presence meant so much to me. That’s why I begged to see her face, even after she stopped giving a fuck. I just wanted to know she was there. It made me happy just thinking about it.

The slightest hint of intimacy would send me into a daze of my own self-acceptance. That’s why I felt so lonely when her depression began to kick in. It was as if my mother was rejecting me. I wanted to be nurtured, not discarded and abandoned.

My mother is what arsenic is to nurturing. I cannot express myself to her to any degree, without feeling fear or a sense of inadequacy. I think happiness is a direct expression for your love of somthing or another person. My mother destroys all will for expression. It’s too painful. All I get is that sinking feeling with her. She’s so self-critical of me, so judgmental, that my only response is to shut myself off and and put my thoughts and emotions in idle. The complaining is like a constant barrage bullets into my heart. It never stops, but it always takes.

Mimi allowed me to love. She was my ultimate expression. She unlocked what was inside me and missing, all my life for another woman. 

In saying that, I’ve also come to realise another thing. Mimi has now become the current equivalent of my mother. The antithesis of my mother, so to speak, but still the blackness of her protrude. In the past when Mimi brought me love, she now brings up feelings of worthlessness and hate.

Where my mother would attack, Mimi rejects. Where my mother would complain, Mimi would completely ignore. She’s the darker side of my mother, in ways that hurt more than my real mother ever could.

So I’ve decided to cease all contact with her. Yet, can you imagine rejecting your own mother like this? How it feels to cut off the one person you truly loved? Your own mother?

Now you can understand why someone gets so depressed after a break up.