---
id: "67233435076"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "out."
summary: "out."
date: "2013-11-17 06:41:02 GMT"
slug: "out"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,bad breakup,grief,sad,recovery,change"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_dRCt4"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67233435076/out"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

This is what I was intended on posting earlier in the day: 

“My life is painfully crap in almost every sense. My every single living moment is marred by my inability to be happy, let alone feel the very emotions I encompass. I’m an empty shell with no possible direction. I’m beginning to enjoy the feeling of my own sadness, as it lurks ever-so curious within my chest. Each jolt of crushing "void” provides a sense of well-being that hurts, yet reassures; the tingling sensation of my own inner tension. My grief is trying it’s hardest to breathe, yet it’s choking itself haphazardly in the process. My body is fighting itself not to live, but to die.“

et al: 

"The more I think about it, the more I realise that every time I feel pain, it’s an indirect response to rejecting the love of my life. I don’t see how anyone could possibly let go under these circumstances. You try and try and try, but it does absolutely nothing for your conscious." 

However something changed within my mind, later within the day. 

I’ve slowly come to accept that my situation is out of my control. So why bother worrying? I see no benefit in feeling sad. What purpose does being miserable serve? I think we inherently find comfort in being sad and miserable, because it’s reconfirming of our own beliefs. We feel accepted as part of this world that we have created in and around us. It’s comfort in delusion, yet it’s fabricated by our own devices, so we see it as something inherently purposeful. We are being tricked. 

From what I can access, I’ll never truly be able to move on and thus far, I haven’t moved on at all. What’s changed however, is my attitude towards my predicament. 

I’m not going to be sad. I’m not going to be in a state of paralysis. I think acceptance is a big part of dealing with grief. Now I’m ready to start being happy with who I am, even if the circumstances is so very imperfect. Recovery is the next step. Exercise, Omega-3’s among other things. I’m still reading through the book. 

My grief is no longer for sale.