---
id: "69049769533"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "reminder."
summary: "reminder."
date: "2013-12-05 05:04:52 GMT"
slug: "reminder"
state: "published"
tags: "hate,violence,women,negative,love,help,change,forgive,accept"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10Jhzuz"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/69049769533/reminder"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Let me remind you that hate and negativity is an invalid response to your own subconscious beliefs. When you lash out and “attack” something, you’re doing it out of your own comfort and delusion, not because you have a genuine care for humanity. Fear sells ideas, but it does not instill confidence.

I don’t care if it’s violence against women, animal cruelty, genocide or whatever is causing your source of frustration. Any sort of negativity, be it an expression of yourself or directed towards others, is a form of intellectual crime that ends up fueling more negativity on both sides of the spectrum.

Do not hate. Forgive, accept and remain perceptive. You are the arbiter of your own thoughts. These so-called “morals” people instill are a coping mechanism to re-enforce your own sense of self-worth, which in many people are lacking. Please take responsibility for your own actions, because negativity subconsciously affects others in ways that always end up doing more damage than perceived good.

So no. It’s not “prevent violence against women” because that does absolutely nothing to change the paradigm of the situation, other than to inflate people’s egos. It should be “encourage love for women” because then you’re sending a positive message to everyone, as opposed to reinforcing the self-centredness of the individual. Social change is the effort of the group, not the perpetuation of your own inwardness.

Of course, campaigns are never actually about doing good, despite the intent of our progressivism. Good is always secondary to the true intention of nature, which is centralisation. People are so blinded by their own ideology, that they fail to appreciate the consequences of their own actions. Every single campaign is about seizing power and control. I for one, will not stand to see my stature fall.

Hate is not a valid form of change. It is a manifestation of your desperation. Love is change. Help is love.

Find help in love, otherwise the help you desire is not worth seeking at all.