---
id: "70364611162"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "romance."
summary: "romance."
date: "2013-12-18 05:05:00 GMT"
slug: "romance"
state: "published"
tags: "romance,intimacy,affection,relationship,poetry,erotica,words,love,feelings"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q11Y3i9Q"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/70364611162/romance"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Oh dear. So I had a bit of a realisation this morning into how love/romance functions, at least in relation to my own life. 

Let me start by saying that I’ve begun talking to Mimi again (I know, I know) and to be perfectly honest, I still think we both have strong feelings for each other. We still can’t quite let go of the past; the memories that we cherish to oblivion. I mean, to be quite frank, I’m still at that stage where I’d be happy to have sex her and be cute together. 

Now I know why. 

You see, romance and love is just a perception. It’s an image you create in your mind. It may not be real, but you place all your faith in that image and it feels very real to you. Just thinking about that image evokes emotions of happiness/sadness etc. Just like how if you mention a certain celebrity or figurehead, it’ll instantly spur up emotions of lust or perhaps even hate. If I mention Megan Fox, you probably immediately think of “sexy” because of the images associated in your mind. If you think of Stalin, you’ll probably think of “that bad guy”.

When I think of Mimi, I still conjure images of the perfect romance, even though our current circumstances don’t permit. She was my first girl. She was special to me. All these things converging together to create my perception of her beautiful soul. Yet one thing I’ve learnt to realise and appreciate, is that these images don’t actually exist. They’re simply perceptions created in my mind.

With the mastery of my words, I painted the perfect image of ourselves with a fine precision. I tailored it to my own delusion and to what I was willing to… no sorry, wanted to believe. I wrote her poetry everyday and we would converse in our own little world of lust and appreciation. I made our relationship perfect through the words of my conception.

Yet this was just my input. Imagine the images she was creating her own mind and how they were contributing to the way I was thinking about her. 

So for me to truly move on from Mimi, would be to dissolve the images I’ve created in our mind of ourselves and I feel like I’ve done that to a large extent. Of course, it’s difficult to remove them completely when they’re so ingrained into your personal experience.

Even then, I think it’s more useful to cherish the images for what they are. What me and Mimi had was special. I really do appreciate that. It’s just time for me to focus on other things. But you know what? We place such a high focus on creating these images, that I’m glad I broke up with Mimi in retrospect. It gave me the very skills to dismantle them, which arguably is just as important as creating them. 

I also realise that this is the exact same thing I’m doing with my crush, only now I have all that experience from creating those images with Mimi. Even now I realise how much more profound my words are. It’s like I’m trying to build an even bigger, better image of a girl in my mind, tailoring it into something even more deep and meaningful.

Every single day I write her the most wonderful pieces of erotica, that describes the life I’m creating of us. We’ll be having wild sex, living some sort of deep fantasy, perhaps even a romantic event to grace. I’m implanting these ideas about ourselves into our heads, creating a context for our intimacy and feelings to flourish. 

I know it sounds rather manipulative, but it’s really no different to experiencing it in person. It’s no different to taking her out on a romantic dinner or a nice walk along the beach. Only I’m using the power of words and suggestion to create our image, something which I think has a lot more power and pull. I guess that’s why I need a smart girl who can appreciate literature. It just makes both our jobs so much easier. 

I suppose that’s the scary thing. How the power of words can have such an effect over people. What poetry/erotica really does, is provide a story for your mind to believe. You’re creating a new reality, compliment with images in your head. You can really suck each other into the void, in deep and meaningful ways that a coffee date cannot. 

You know, when I think about it further, the only reason I wanted to see pictures of Mimi’s face was to further reinforce that image of her in my mind. Not to mention all the poetry I continued to write her. To keep the dream alive. Thankfully I’m much wiser now. I’m not particularly going to actively seek her, but I’ll still be there for her if she needs me. Best of all, I now know if I’ll be creating any images of her in my mind and I’ll be able to stop it before it progresses to attack my feelings of self-worth and happiness.