---
id: "67445867195"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "sex."
summary: "sex."
date: "2013-11-19 06:11:00 GMT"
slug: "sex"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,love,relationship,trust,thoughts,intimacy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_q5aAx"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67445867195/sex"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I do a lot of thinking at work, simply because the job allows for the kind of mindless repetition which demands your soul slave away for the purposes of corporate governance. Thankfully it also leaves room to be alone and hopelessly curious, where the common mind can contemplate on some of the more pressing issues in life, such as Japanese bukkake and string cheese (can we please form a link here folks?)

I just happened to be thinking about sex and now I think I understand what it means to me personally. 

You see, I don’t really enjoy sex that much. It’s not something I inherently find that pleasurable, even though the idea entertains me greatly. That’s not to say that I don’t like it. I just find the whole thing rather lackluster. Don’t get me wrong. Half the time I remain in awe at the fact that someone is voluntarily willing to have sex with me. But in terms of going up and down, left and right, I don’t feel like I’m quite there yet. Give it time, maybe. 

Arguably everyone likes sex for the simple fact that it’s sex. I would say it’s remarkably similar to cuddling or holding hands, simply as an extended form of intimacy. Though intimacy is irrelevant to what makes sex so magical. 

What sex truly symbolizes for me is not an ultimate form of pleasure, orgasm, status, control, none of that. To me, it represents the idea of trust; the trust between two partners. To me, it signifies that two people are in mutual agreement, to allow each other to invade each other’s personal space.

It’s this simple idea which gives me the most satisfaction. It’s privilege, yet it’s seemingly warranted at the same time. 

Instead of actually focusing on the basic tenant of what sex is, I think it’s more meaningful to focus on what sex represents between two people. If you’re having sex with a drunk girl at the bar, then that’s ultimately what your relationship and hence your sex represents. Yet if you were to convince a girl, who is perhaps is a bit more timid, but is someone you love dearly, then that is the resulting paradigm you have created. I’m sure you can make up your own mind from all this.

I guess I see it as the difference between earning your own money and having it given to you. The outcome is exactly the same, however the context and the sentiment is completely different in both cases. Perception is being shifted. 

I mean, sure. I get the enjoyment of the initial “wow, I just convinced another girl to have sex with me. How rad!” and sex is fun, but I don’t know. I think I’ll have mind-blowing sex one day, I just haven’t given myself the opportunity. I know how to do it, it’s just my head isn’t in the right place.