---
id: "70142171017"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "sorry."
summary: "sorry."
date: "2013-12-16 01:22:00 GMT"
slug: "sorry"
state: "private"
tags: "message,pearlsandcurlsandgin"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q11Kp9U9"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/70142171017/sorry"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Dear Mimi,

I’m sorry if I’ve offended you. It’s sad we had to go off on such a bad note. I may never hear from you again and you may never read my blog for the rest of your life. I may never get another opportunity to look you in the eyes and tell you how much you mean to me. To just hear that beautiful voice, as it lingers in my mind. I really don’t want that, but it’s something I’m willing to accept it.

No one’s perfect. I’m sure you’re more than aware of this yourself. But I try. I really do. I fought for you well beyond what most people would’ve. I gave you my everything. I tried just about everything to rectify what we had previously and in-spite of the effort, I felt entirely helpless in the pursuit. 

I don’t want your pity. I just want your understanding.

I still care about you and I really do wish you the best, irrespective of how I fit into your life. I know you’re not in a good place, but… I just don’t know. I want to see you happy; it’s the very least of what I want. I feel almost helpless in this respect. I don’t know what you want, let alone what I can offer. I’m just so very confused.

We’re just both tragically unfortunate, but in many ways we’re both the ultimate learning experience, so thank you.

I thank you so much. 

Yet I must detach and I’m sure it’s the best for the both of us. It’s not easy, but you must get better. I promise I’ll never read your blog again. I’m making this a commitment starting from today. 

Love,

Julius xoxo