---
id: "69161946419"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "stand."
summary: "stand."
date: "2013-12-06 11:18:00 GMT"
slug: "stand"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship,writing,break up,happiness,recovery,depression,improve,challenge,change"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10QNuqp"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/69161946419/stand"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I thought recovering from a bad relationship was going to be easy. The only problem is that I didn’t realise how bad the relationship was until after I decided to break up with her and to make thing worse, I was entirely under the impression that it was actually a good relationship - even after the break up - which completely botched the recovery side of things. You end up taking the wrong approach towards your problems and you go around and around in circles without truly knowing why or even what you’re doing wrong.

I do believe that there’s always a better way for life to flourish and commend. That’s always been my philosophy and it’s helped me in nearly every single aspect of my existence. Things like diet and exercise are quite straight forward. You have basic science to guide you through the tumultuous plot. But when it comes to depression it’s like there’s no clear step forward, only a hidden maze that’s yet to reveal itself. Half the time it turns out you were so whack-out-of-it that you were completely wrong the entire time and the next thing you know, you’re back to square one.

Lack of perception and self-awareness, I would argue, is the #1 problem people have with conquering depression.

What makes it so difficult dealing with depression is that the symptoms and logic aren’t always clear. For example, let’s say that you’re fat and you hear about this great new diet. So you do the diet and you end staying the same weight and you’re just confused as fuck. Is it because the diet was a lie? Was it because you weren’t approaching it in the right way? I think depression is a lot like this, only a lot more confusing and you don’t know why you’re fat in the first place and these diet plans don’t even exist as a construct.

I would argue that it’s possible to be happy on a sustainable scale without relying on an external source for your own happiness. Everyone seems to rely on something or someone else to derive their own happiness. Their wealth. Their friends. Their video games. However at no point do people actually look into themselves and it’s not until you lose your friends or your wealth, do you realise how hopeless and vulnerable you truly are. For me, I really wanted a girlfriend. That was my big ticket item and I don’t think it’s ultimately healthy to rely on this one, single thing to dictate the way you feel about yourself.

You know, all these so-called “happy” people wouldn’t be so happy if they didn’t have their friends or their partners to fulfill their shallow desires. Guess what? They’re no different to you and me. They simply have “privilege” and they rely on it heavily to sustain their own common well being. In many ways, that makes them weak. Wait until your entire family is killed in a car accident. Then we’ll see how you truly cope with life.

My ex told me today that love shouldn’t be a challenge. Well, I ain’t no rocket scientist or nuthin’ but every fucking aspect of my life is a fucking challenge. I’ve had to write everything in the past week with my left hand. Now that’s just a simple challenge, but you get better with time because you’re willing to let yourself improve. Note: willing to let yourself improve. Solutions don’t just appear out of thin air, but if they do, more power to ya. Now, I’m not blaming anyone else because I’m ultimately responsible for the way I feel and do. But if this is the paradigm I’ve had shoved down my throat, then I’ll raise your insolence for my own sense of self-worth.

I may not have other people’s “privilege”, but I’m much more talented than their petty little concessions. I will prove to myself what their platter has not; the shiny remorse of graceless shit which was handed to them straight from their arse by the butler of their own weakness.

I’m angry at myself because I’ve failed. I’ve failed to love the only thing that truly exists in my mind. That is myself.

Well, no more dear citizen. I will fight for my right to be happy. I will teach myself to love, even if it destroys who I am at my core. This is a challenge that no man should ever have to ask for, however I will not let myself be trampled by the walls of my imagination.

Forward march.