---
id: "69062021350"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "submiss."
summary: "submiss."
date: "2013-12-05 08:44:57 GMT"
slug: "submiss"
state: "published"
tags: "erotica,sex,rough,violent,submission,domination,porn"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10KQj3c"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/69062021350/submiss"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I smile eagerly as I approach you for the first time. You stand there as a goddess to be worshiped, in amongst my feigned extravagance and tone. I extrude the warmth of your closest friends, yet your hesitation sails miles above the earth in a cataclysmic whirlpool of chaos and firestorm. I walk up to that pretty outline of yours and come to an astute halt. From smile to frown, I slap you with all my strength and whisper quietly into your ear: “Don’t ever look at me again,” before abruptly sticking my tongue down your throat. You don’t even bother to resist because you’re too excited from the thrill. Excited to live. Excited to die. 

Shock and surprise are your worst enemy.

With my left hand, I grab you by the apex of your throat and slam you against the wall, smacking your head against the designer ceramic. I make sure it hits hard, because this moment isn’t yours to forget. At the signal of your shriek, I force my right hand down your pants as you gasp and squeal at my violent clutch. You lungs are begging for air, but your brain can only gasp pleasure.

My hand is inside you, but you’re too scared to speak. Spinning. Churning. Your eyes roll into hysteria. There are strangers staring intently at us in this airport terminal of redemption, but you look away in embarrassment to the corner of your eye. You squeal harder, as you nearly collapse to the floor from all the tension in your thighs, but I hold you up with the strength of my forearms, because I’m your friend; not foe. I’m your dark, twisted nightmare with a hint of back-breaking serenity.

You’re panting like a little girl as I violate your closest senses.

You want me, but you hate me. You love me, but you resist my temptation. You’re wound up in a world of your own lust and confusion. You want me to fuck you, but my hand hasn’t finished it’s destruction. I must turn your world upside down.

I pull your hair with a vigorous jerk and bring you to the floor. I slap you hard for a second time; a lingering reminder of your own helplessness. You dribble to the shiny exterior of my black suede shoes, like a man suffering from an overdose of concoction. Your eyes are in tears, but you know they’re tears of joy. I spit in your mouth and gargle. I place my fingers inside your mouth as you lick the filth I have indulged… all over that stupid little face of yours.

You’re obedient. You’re mine.