---
id: "65942301465"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "tease."
summary: "tease."
date: "2013-11-03 23:36:00 GMT"
slug: "tease"
state: "published"
tags: "flirt,seductive,cool,perception,tease"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8qzQTwiP"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/65942301465/tease"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I really like this idea of tease. I love flirting and I do it to most the people I know. I think it’s important because it demonstrates your ability take control of the perception surrounding you. I’ve only recently been interested in this idea of self-promotion, self-image and lust. Certainly my weakest points; not because I lack the talent, but because I understand the meaningless of it’s endeavor by anyone’s standards. But having studied enough people in their attempt at ‘shine’ it’s now a facet of life I want to pursue. The art of being cool is a personal thing I’ve generally neglected in favor for my own intellect, but I see no harm in the subtle axis of suitability being shifted ever-so slightly towards my realm.

Me and my friend used to study seduction and the intricate ways in which you can make other people feel. My only problem is that I’m not a particularly manipulative person, so I barely even lift off the ground in any case. I’m much too honest, much too brash in my attempt at coercion. Though it really is the knowledge I crave and desire. I want to caress, not inflict. I’m very much the journalist in that sense. I’m terrible at existing as a concept, because my heart is often in ten different places at once. I’m the expert, not the technician.

So let this Tumblr be an exploration into the ways I can inflict, perceive and tantalize. While I consider myself a smooth talker by anyone’s standards, my actions are so bound up in my own integrity, it’s almost completely worthless to the aim that sets my eye. Here is your candle. You are my wax. Let’s make hell.

Let’s lie together.