---
id: "67349120272"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "thoughts."
summary: "thoughts."
date: "2013-11-18 07:07:00 GMT"
slug: "thoughts"
state: "published"
tags: "teenage,experience,life,love,romance,girlfriend,relationship,blame,guilt,drugs"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_kKWKG"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67349120272/thoughts"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Here’s what gets me every time: I’m a completely independent and functional person, up until the point I actually think about my mimi. The very essence of her creation, sinks my heart into a cataclysmic shift of tumble and grey. Fuck. She’s all I really want in life. She’s all I really crave. I couldn’t think of anything more perfect, than to just be in a loving relationship with her. Yet in-spite of all this, I logically accept the fact that we’re not currently able to be in a mutual relationship. I think this is a cognitive dissonance I’ll be dealing with for a while. 

One crucial possibility I discovered from today, is that maybe I’m so insecure about not being in a relationship, that I’m willing to do everything my power to cling onto mimi. She’s my first girl and from my perspective, I’m so inexperienced when it comes to being in a relationship, that I’m just desperate to maintain any sort of status quo. It doesn’t help that the “relationship” didn’t particularly last very long, nor was optimal in any circumstance. Naturally it makes me feel guilty and shameful. 

When you truly think about it, mimi is the equivalent of my ever-so “childhood sweetheart”, seeing as she represents my first, loving relationship with another person ever.

You have to understand that my life skipped nearly all of those crucial “teenage experiences” which most people go through. In fact, I only just experienced intimate romance, regular drinking and even to a large extent, genuine friendships, all in this year alone. I only just got my “golden teenage years” back, having spent a vast majority of my 2013 year with my 16-year-old best-friend. Imagine trying to fit in all the drugs and delinquency you can within such a small period of time. It can be done!

I would say New Years Day 2013 was the big turning point for me. I remember taking a risk by posting about my 25i-nbome experience on facebook. That’s when I reconnected with an old high school friend who used to be a big-time drug baron, and he started introducing me to his crew. So much has happened since then, I cannot even fathom how essential 2013 has been to my life. The number of people I’ve met thus far this year alone, honestly boggles me.

Can I accept the fact that she’s currently in no state to be in a relationship? Well, I really think that’s been the aim of this past week. Not to actually “break up” with her, because from what I can tell, not one thing about the way I feel about her has changed. I think it was more to see how I’d cope with a break up and obviously that meant pulling the trigger. 

I hope she’s okay.