---
id: "67285599418"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "wake."
summary: "wake."
date: "2013-11-17 19:44:59 GMT"
slug: "wake"
state: "published"
tags: "seduction,pick up,feeling,flirt,change"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_gYCIw"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67285599418/wake"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I just woke up this morning and I’m feeling quite good about myself. It’s 6:30am and I have work at 7:00am. I’m in the kind of mood where I want to do something about my problems. I feel like there’s room for influence in there somewhere. Positive influence that will help alleviate the stress from my problems. Influence for change. I may not feel particularly dashing, but I’d say it’s more than a head start compared to what I’ve been through recently.

I don’t know if this is wrong on my behalf, but I’ve been thinking a lot about seduction recently and how I can try and get on dates with girls I see in public. I come up with these ridiculously outlandish pick up plans that I know would work if I just had the guts. Like going up to people on the train with a notepad and conversing via writing; not a single word murmured. 

It feels terrible for me, because I love my mimi so much, yet at the same time, it’s like I don’t even have control over the way I feel anymore. I was at my Kmart yesterday and I spotted this cute girl in the games section and I was going to approach her and say “Oh, do you have a 3DS?” then kick it off from there.

After some preliminary introductions, I was going to tell her that she was pretty. Then, if she then responded well, I would have gotten a little closer and said “Do you like daring guys?” and if that worked (let’s be honest, it probably wouldn’t have flowed this nicely and I was way too pussy to approach her, let alone get this far in my little scheme) then I would’ve made out with her or put my finger in her mouth. 

But part of me said no. I’m still feeling rather vulnerable, so I didn’t want to go so headlong into something like this. Not to mention my feelings for mimi. All I want now, is to just want to talk to my mimi on Tuesday. I may have her contained, but she’s by no means out of my mind.