---
id: "67554719304"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "yay."
summary: "yay."
date: "2013-11-20 11:42:00 GMT"
slug: "yay"
state: "published"
tags: "life,happiness,proud,purpose,insecure,relationship,shameful,hate,passion,confidence"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_wapP8"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67554719304/yay"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

It’s a great feeling to be completely single and non-committed.

It means I can finally embrace myself. It means I won’t have to worry about who I am. It means I won’t have to uphold to anyone else’s standards. It means I can exist and serve my own purpose. The best part of it all, is that it means I can focus on who I am as a person and what I want to become.

I’m no longer insecure about not being in a relationship anymore, having already experienced it in all it’s entirety, in more ways than most people could ever imagine. It was the most magical thing I’ve ever had the pleasure of partaking and it certainly felt like a fairy-tale for the most part: something which most people don’t even have the pleasure of tasting.

First and foremost, I want to be happy with who I am as a person. I want to love myself, to no longer be judgmental, hateful nor shameful of who I am. I have a lot of reading and learning to do over the summer! 

It’s hilarious how much emphasis we place on being in a relationship, getting sex etc. all that stuff which society seems to love shoving down our throats. Your career. Your wealth. Your status.

Yet never do we talk about our actual happiness and what makes us happy as people. Happiness has become this hidden facet, suppressed by society’s desires. So many people are miserable, even though they have a lot of what society deems “amazing”. They’re simply lying to themselves.

I am one of those people.

So before I indulge myself in the opposite sex, I’m going to make myself happy with who I am. I’m going to make myself confident and proud. I want to wake up every morning, if not to feel like king. I want to be excited and passionate about life.

I want to become something different to what I am today. 

This means changing the core beliefs in my mind, something which is covered in this website. Seriously, if you haven’t already checked it out, you’re missing out on a lot of knowledge which I would consider crucial to your own well-being.

Already, I feel much better about myself, even though she’s no longer a part of my life :)