---
id: "67634853495"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "yolo."
summary: "yolo."
date: "2013-11-21 05:15:22 GMT"
slug: "yolo"
state: "published"
tags: "mimi,love,relationship,amazing,memories"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_-MVPt"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/67634853495/yolo"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

If you’re reading this mimi, which I suspect you are, I just want to let you know that I don’t hate you. I don’t think you’re a bad person. I still like you. I still want to be your friend.

I love you as a person, just as I love my friends, but I’m certainly not in-love with you. Those feelings have long subsided. That is to say, I now love myself. That’s the most crucial thing I’ve come to realise from all this.

You cannot sustainability love another person or even appreciate life, without first loving who you are as an individual. I still have a long way to go before I fully learn to love myself, however I’m taking this amazing course and I feel phenomenal already. 

You weren’t responsible for the way I felt. I was. I am the one responsible for my own emotions and feelings. Sure. You acted as a trigger to my negativity, however my inability to deal with it is not your fault. By the same token, I no longer feel guilty for the way you are. 

So we can still talk as friends and I can still be there to support you in your illness, but my heart has ultimately moved onto other pursuits. 

…and who knows. 

Maybe one day we’ll get back together and it’ll be like old times. Only better.

Remember when I used to act like a fool over Skype and make you laugh? Remember when we used to be intimate? The poetry and erotica? Remember the desperation in both our voices, when we wanted each other so bad? Remember those four days of pure joy? 

The first awkward encounter. The making out. The market. The expensive lunches. The city. The sex. The TV antenna. The cooking. The holding hands. The bathroom intimacy. The sushi. The marshmallows. The pineapple lumps. The scratching. The biting. The Myer event. The lingerie. The dentist visit. The Knox city. The holding hands. The noisy bed. The change rooms. The milkshakes… just about everything. 

I still remember holding you in bed from behind, as we had sex while watching friends. Don’t tell me that wasn’t the most amazing thing ever!?

Those were some good memories for me and I’m sure they were for you. I wish you well.