---
id: "115908862124"
blogName: "elegantlyattached"
type: "text"
title: "GBA."
summary: "GBA."
date: "2015-04-09 03:10:48 GMT"
slug: "gba"
state: "published"
tags: "gameboy advance,story,writing,journal,op shop"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZxqTuk1hyjE2i"
postUrl: "https://elegantlyattached.tumblr.com/post/115908862124/gba"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I am in a somewhat dizzying state of euphoria which is why I am proceeding to write this post.

Yesterday I went to the local op shop and I found this Gameboy Advance SP and I just knew that I had to have it. 

The bastard was charging $50 for it and it came with Advance Wars 2 and there was no way that I was going to let anyone get away with this sort of treachery. Unfortunately the store assistant was only there, so I couldn’t organise a bargain.

Anyway, this whole thing has been eating away at me all day and so I had to go back and work my charm, if not to prove that I’ve still got it. It’s kinda like when you see a really pretty lady out in public and you just have to go up to her and ask her out. The risk of regret is far too large.

So I’m walking there and I’m nervous as hell, because I know if I don’t get what I want I’m just going to crumble and wallow all day. I knew from the moment I saw it that I wanted it for exactly $30 and I was thinking about maybe approaching the $25 mark, but I thought that might be pushing it.

I stroll in trying to look casual like I’d never seen it before. Anyway, I ask to look at it and as I falsely examine it, I try to give a face of complete disapproval like: “Are you kidding me!?” and I try and explain to the guy that it doesn’t have a charger and that I’d be looking at least another $15 for that alone (LOL) and thankfully I got the assistant lady to agree with me, which is a good sign for me

I use every trick in the book and with enough passive aggression and authority, he finally agrees on $35 but I just give him that look of “you slimy dickhead” and we both awkwardly stare at the ground for a small while and I just KNOW I’ve cornered the fucker and eventually he says he’ll do it for $30 and my face instantly lights up with that “OMG I CANNOT BELIEVE I DID IT” look but I contain my excitement and proceed to try and fish out $30 from my wallet, even though there’s a good $200 in there and I’m just trying to hide it to keep what’s left of my dignity. 

A visible smile wears itself the moment I walk out that door and it was so the biggest smile, that you probably could have seen it from space.

So yeah, clearly I have mental issues.