---
id: "115414407554"
blogName: "elegantlyattached"
type: "text"
title: "Hello."
summary: "Hello."
date: "2015-04-03 20:07:00 GMT"
slug: "hello"
state: "published"
tags: "journal,writing,intro,poetry,spilled ink"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZxqTuk1hVF1c2"
postUrl: "https://elegantlyattached.tumblr.com/post/115414407554/hello"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

If you must know, my name is Julius. 

Splendid like a broken teapot spewing fucking tea all over the recently cleaned carpets and now the cat’s wet and fuck me. 

How very nice to meet you. 

I really do hope you’re not my ex otherwise I would most likely be inclined to mutiliate your face with a broken screwdriver while drowning your face with the other. 

I have this gorgeous habit of endlessly rewriting and same sentence over and over and over again and it literally drives me insane. I am so erratic, yet calculated and precise with my own thoughts that it really messes with my mind.

Listen, I know you wanna be all cute and classy, but how best would you like to me to complete tear and gut your heart out? 

Would you prefer if I threw it out with the trash like I do all your other basic ideas or maybe a keen funeral should better suits your 9 to 5 schedule? 

I guess I’m creating this tumblr for a number of reasons. I am creating this tumblr because I want to have a place where I can express myself and grow and learn and breathe with an intensity which shatters the air around me and embraces the insanity of life from all it’s angles. 

I understand that there are two things in my life which are imperative to my person. I must always have that sparkling curiosity within me to seek discovery. Second, that I must always desire happiness no matter where I look in life. 

There is so much beautiful in my life that it would be a real shame to bastardise it or miss it lurking in the light. 

Most of all, I would like to dedicate this wonderful tumblr to my gorgeous girlfriend who has supported me like a flower with no petals, withering away like a broken child with only an inherited shyness to his name. 

I am tired of wasting my words with drab preciosities. I need a new mindset and I believe this tumblr is just what I’ve been looking for. 

Too-da-loo.