---
id: "116108707614"
blogName: "elegantlyattached"
type: "text"
title: "love."
summary: "love."
date: "2015-04-11 12:39:57 GMT"
slug: "love"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship,love,dating,writing,journal,thoughts,opinion"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZxqTuk1i8daSU"
postUrl: "https://elegantlyattached.tumblr.com/post/116108707614/love"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I think I discovered something really important today.

Me and my girlfriend were laying in bed this morning, doing cute things like sodomy and self-deprivation. Traditional marriage material. 

We were reading this girl’s tumblr and she was this classic jaded-as-fuck-about-everything type of chic and she would literally bitch about everything and it was clearly a reflection of all the bad experiences that she’s had with men, which is fair enough, however it’s now bore into her conscious to the point of leprosy. 

Obviously she has severe issues as well, but I sort of thought about the dating and my own experiences and I guess something sort of just clicked in my mind. 

I thought back to all the experiences I’ve had with women and it’s like, I had this idea that love was a privilege, that if you tried hard enough that you could make it happen and force it through the sleek exterior.

However now I think love is situational based on the qualities of two people. It’s a two way street. 

I think dating is a reflection on who you are as a person, not solely the qualities of the other person. 

When you go in with the privilege mindset of love, you don’t focus on who you are as a person, but on a) why you can’t find love and b) why everyone is such an asshole. 

So in actual fact, you could be a really shit person and be completely undesirable, but have the arrogance to blame others or just self-loath for years. Which in a large part is what I used to do. 

On the contrary if you address who you are, first and foremost, then dating really doesn’t become difficult. People are naturally attracted to people who aren’t deranged or negative. 

While love is largely situational, it does not denote our own responsibility to encourage love within our own lives. It’s about a balance between the two. 

Like, I think about all the toxic women I decided to pursue, thinking that because I was less toxic that we could make it work. My gosh. 

I think that’s what makes my own relationship so great. We’re both incredibly fucked up, but we’re both willing to admit that we can be better people, rather than remain stubborn. 

imo.