---
id: "77693797887"
blogName: "sweetcherryerotica"
type: "text"
title: "happy."
summary: "happy."
date: "2014-02-24 11:28:09 GMT"
slug: "happy"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZPXuWo18MwKN-"
postUrl: "https://sweetcherryerotica.tumblr.com/post/77693797887/happy"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So yeah, I haven’t really posted anything in a while.

I have no need to. 

I’m happy. Really, really happy. Which is odd, considering that I’m the kind of guy who used to go through depressive episodes of self-rejection and self-doubt. 

Well, not anymore. I don’t think I’ve been this in control of my emotions since… let’s call it a first. 

I honestly don’t remember the last time I felt an episode of sadness or negativity. Seriously. I’ve just been happy and hopeful for as long as I can remember. Dare I say, I feel normal. Regular, they call it. 

I think part of it is because of the fact that I now have a girlfriend and thus sex. I think that was my biggest insecurity, how I’d never really been in a proper relationship before 

When you’re ambitious and daring, you sort of realise what a waste of time Tumblr is, outside of meeting new people. I mean, think about it. You spend hours staring away at images; images that are collections of pixels on your screen, as you sit there and admire the piece of technology your eyes behold. 

I can already think of a billion other things I want to do. So instead of looking at those images, I’m going to pursue them. 

To anyone struggling, I’m certainly not saying it’s easy. However it’s your duty, to have to want it. You have to want your own intellectual freedom. You have to crave it. You have to crave it so bad, that you’re willing to go through unimaginable pain to obtain it. You have to be willing to let go of who you are and destroy yourself, many times over, just to even hint at 

Then and only then will you have control over your emotions. Most people never make the first step.