---
id: "61021906962"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "adapt."
summary: "adapt."
date: "2013-09-12 13:51:35 GMT"
slug: "adapt"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErurC6WI"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61021906962/adapt"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have a knack for reading faces, since it’s really my only social mechanism to cope with the monotony of perception. Given the talent, you can almost instantly gauge the intelligence and character of any one individual, with sharp accuracy. You can read their thoughts within their facial expression alone. How they’re feeling. They’re concerns or lack thereof. Not to mention the kicker, their individual level of intelligence.

White women generally scare me, because I know in a sense they’ve got a lot more under their belt than I have. I’m just a coward with a keen eye. It’s generally difficult to read women as a whole, because they tend to play mind games, almost subconsciously. It’s like they’re aware enough of their own surrounding, yet in the context of any situation, seems entirely unnecessary. It really is insecurity 101 and I find it disgusting. 

The key in hiding yourself is not in deception. Rather, in not making it obvious. I have a pretty good poker face. which is why my face is most expressionless. It’s like a cryptic maze of debasement. What the fuck am I thinking? No one knows. There’s no fear. No sense of shame. I’d be surprised if you even noticed me, because I sure as hell notice you.

In general though, I don’t really give a fuck what others think. I’m fair open when it comes to displaying my emotions. If I find something funny, I’m going to laugh. If I feel like shit, there’s really no point displaying a smile. 

Oh dear, now I sound like a stalker. It’s true. I stand outside your window every night. But only because you’re the cute ;)

The keepers would’ve already invited me inside.