---
id: "61407904079"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "bad."
summary: "bad."
date: "2013-09-16 14:40:11 GMT"
slug: "bad"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvCCa5F"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61407904079/bad"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I think it’s almost a routine that you talk to hundreds of downright terrible women before you actually find someone who isn’t complete fractured within their own mind. I certainly don’t mean to say every girl is shit, because often it’s that you’re just indifferent to each other. However literally, in my quest to find solitude over the years, I’ve met some of the most terrible women in history, who just completely destroy your perception of the female gender. One girl turned me off completely for a good year or so. 

It becomes wired in your mind that all women are then like this. After all, it only take one bad experience to mold a perception. That’s why I can imagine how people because so scarred after an incident of rape, or abuse, that they no longer can trust anyone. One bad experience and nothing more.

Though I stand here today, to deliver the message that you shouldn’t feel so hopeless. Because in all honesty, guys and girls, once you do find someone who actually likes you for who you are and isn’t a complete disgrace to what we call humanity: Holy. fucking. shit. What a contrast it is. It will change how you think about people. 

The fact is, there are a lot of dodgy people who hate themselves. People so insecure with their own image, that you’d think it were you with all the problems. Let me reassure you that there’s nothing wrong with who you are. You are just fine. Don’t let other people’s experiences dictate the way you think and feel.

So she doesn’t love you. It means nothing. So he doesn’t find you attractive. Fuck him. Don’t feel other people’s negativity, just because they are inadequate themselves.