---
id: "60936546997"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "chances."
summary: "chances."
date: "2013-09-11 15:14:37 GMT"
slug: "chances"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErum6Ugr"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60936546997/chances"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t think I’m in love with her. Well, maybe not quite yet, but I really do love the concept of her. It’s almost perfect. It’s the idea that I can be myself around her without having to sacrifice my dignity for a few, cute tips. Uh, what commitment? It’s like it’s almost implied, yet there’s no need to get into the technicals. These are the girls you want to keep, because it’s almost as if you both have the exact same mutual understanding, without the awkwardness. Without the shame. Not to mention, she manages to stimulate the non-hollow part of my brain, usually reserved for the rest of the bunch! Preposterous. 

In fact, I haven’t had this feeling in quite a long time, ever since I first laid acquaintance with my best friend. You have the cute girls, then you have the typical girlfriends, but very seldom in a man’s life, will you find someone with an equal amount of comprehension and expression for life. People talk about finding that perfect girl or that perfect guy. She most likely fits that description to some degree. The only thing I need to ask myself: What compromise do I have to make to my own existence, in order to be with a girl? For her, I honestly see none. 

She’s just not a cunt about things. That’s probably the best way to sum her up. Straight forward. Shameless. No mind games to speak of. Actually wants to talk to you. Fuck. I mean, this shit is just common sense people! I’ve never understood why some people plan on making it so difficult. I absolutely 100% cannot stand politics in any relationship. 

One thing I’ve noticed over time, you sort of begin to notice a vast difference between the girls who legitimately enjoy your conversation, and the ones who are so content with their own existence that you become the mere periphery to their experience. Just another person to stroke their ego. Hilarious.

You go through hundreds of women and the more you look, the more you realise that everyone is radically different. Some don’t want a relationship, that’s totally cool. I’m happy to just talk. Some people are just there to flaunt their personality. Excellent. But don’t just assume because a guy is messaging you, that he wants to fuck you silly. Obviously it’s a noble aim, but we’re not that one dimensional. We actually like to talk, you know, that basic human function relating to communication?

Then again, it comes back to the politics. Don’t be a politician. Be a friend. You know, there’s so much bullshit about equality on Tumblr, yet most girls just ignore messages from guys, for the simple fact that they’re insecure. Oh please, no wonder everyone has some sort of mental illness. 

Though clearly humanity is bullshit. We all love to show face and talk, but consider this: The current state of humanity reflects it’s people. We are the very people we condemn. The rest is blatant idealism for the person in denial. It doesn’t worry me too much. Society can barely hear itself at times, so I exist only to aggrivate what isn’t even there…