---
id: "62034578681"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "change."
summary: "change."
date: "2013-09-23 04:07:43 GMT"
slug: "change"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvnZ8pv"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/62034578681/change"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I honestly think change is as simple as doing things differently. I know it sounds stupid, but for many of us, we have a difficult time realising our goals and wants, when all it really took was a different perspective or a change in habit to make it happen. The hardest part is often making the first move, even though we’re technically all capable of the same things. 

In my case, I’m trying to give up masturbation for my girlfriend and it’s by far, the most difficult thing I’ve ever had to do. I would say it’s more addictive than hard drugs. Not so much chemically as it is habitually, which is really where masturbation gains it’s strength.

For one, it’s relatively natural in the sense that it’s a bodily function. We’re doing something which our body is designed to do. What could be wrong with that? Secondly, it’s completely free and accessible. You can do it just about anywhere (within reason, obviously) and it requires very little effort. I don’t have to go to some dodgy dealer, I don’t have to find a source of cash to make it happen. It’s just there. Right there, in front of your very eyes. You could do it right now if you wanted to. No one’ stopping you.

I think the main thing keeping me from masturbating, is having to tell my girlfriend that I’ve failed her. I will never fail her. I will never disappoint her. I could never live with myself if I ever did, because it would be my failure as a boyfriend. I’m supposed to be her beacon and so that’s my obligation to the most beautiful girl I know. 

I don’t think you realise how hard it is for a guy to stop masturbating. I would probably say it’s more addictive, especially when it’s something that’s been drummed into you since puberty. I’ve probably been masturbating since I was 12. In fact, I’ve never really looked it like that and it kind of disgusts me. Never again. 

It’s been etched into my subconscious without even my own realising. You just do it every single day and you don’t even think about it, yet it builds up over time. To stop after 8 years… now I know what smokers have to go through. 

Though one thing I’ve never quite realised before, is that this is all about discipline. It’s about what I want and the goals I want to achieve, not my immediate comfort. That’s something I’ve always been very good at. Neglecting my comfort for the greater good of my health. I’ve managed to change my diet completely, exercise etc. Everything but stop masturbation. 

As long as I’ve got my girl, which really is as basic as treating her right, I’ll live to see another day. Masturbation free.