---
id: "62951959769"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "dating."
summary: "dating."
date: "2013-10-03 01:20:25 GMT"
slug: "dating"
state: "draft"
tags: "love,dating"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErweEgpP"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/62951959769/dating"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

People are inherently retarded when it comes to dating, so I’m going to try and spell it out in plain English. It’s bad enough that guys are expected to approach women as a whole, let alone the very ideas of what love should be in the first place.

People seem to forget the whole purpose of dating and what it represents. Before you’ve even had the chance to introduce yourself, people already want to have you within the palm of their hand. They want to know that the person they’re dealing with, is already the most perfect person in the whole entire world, without even having heard what they’ve had to say. People are already blinded by a bunch of ideas of what their perfect partner should be, and in the process, they forget the very essence of what a relationship is all about.

To love. 

You see, I series of hilarious contradictions, I would argue that most people are imperfect when it comes to love, yet we’re ever so brilliant at sugar-coating our exterior, so to give the impression that we’re amazing at everything. Most people are incapable of truly loving, which is why they focus on the other aspects of their life, such as their looks and their ‘cute factor’. 

I mean, seriously. Why on earth would I want to go out with some timid girl, who can barely express herself? Oh wait! She looks really nice in that dress. Apparently that’s enough. sarc/

We go for the pretty girls, even though they’re wildly insecure about who they are. We go for the hot guys who treat the people around them like shit. Maybe you like the way she winks at you? Too bad the bitch never responds to your calls. Life is one big equilibrium and there are no exceptions to this idea of “perfection”. No one is perfect by definition, only compatible by desire.

So why focus on these things, such as looks and superficial constructs, which are inherently imperfect within the first place? 

To love, is really to be open and honest. Clearly from this point of view, society has severe trust issues when it comes to expressing itself. Yet these issues come from within. It’s a choice you make, perpetuated by your own ego. Destroy the barriers. Don’t let them control you. 

Though really, it all comes down to the individual. Let me tell you about the vast majority of guys I know. All they want to do is fuck you and they’re willing to put up with anything to do it. They don’t care how unfunny you are. How obnoxious you may be. Of course, if you’re pleasant, then you’re a keeper. But from what they’ve told me, very few girls are. 

But gee, I’m not that kind of guy. I’m not going to have sex with a girl who’s wildly insecure and has trust issues, which is generally why I don’t get laid at all. My integrity doesn’t want to have to put up with that bullshit. I don’t want to have a doubt a girl, before I can even express myself.

Oh and another thing girls. When a guy asks you out on a date, he’s not immediately trying to get in your pants. Yes, that’s the end goal, but shouldn’t it be the same for you? To love someone so much that all you want to do is fuck them and hold them for eternity? I mean, so you want nothing but sex. Totally cool. But for the girls who want more, yet aren’t willing to be open about it? Forget about it, you’re only trapping into a corner. So you don’t want to feel used? Express yourself effectively and nothing can go wrong. If you’re giving the right message out there, then the person on the other end can only say yes or no. It’s up to you to communicate effectively. Tell them your purpose. Don’t hide what you want. People fear rejection, but it’s not a bad thing. Would you rather end up getting taken advantage of, because you were too desperate to say no?

Though really, it’s a process of trial and error and that’s really all you can simplify it down to. Everyone is different. I understand that there are just way too many judgments made prior to the commencement of dating itself. People are fixated on this whole idea of love at first sight, when they don’t even know what love is. Give people a chance, is all I’m saying. How could you possibly know whether you want to love someone, if you don’t even know who they are?