---
id: "62030675561"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "dumb."
summary: "dumb."
date: "2013-09-23 03:20:20 GMT"
slug: "dumb"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvnKFvf"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/62030675561/dumb"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m divided by time. I have too many passions, too many ambitions, too many desires to fulfill. I certainly know I’m capable, but that isn’t the struggle I have to deal with in my mind. I am hurt on the inside, by the silly little perspective crushing me dumb. 

The one and perhaps only thing I’m insecure about is my own ability to suceed and inflict change. Not that I have difficulty, no more than anyone else, though it’s what I lack the most self-esteem in. You see, I’m incredibly bright, I think outside the box, I have a good perspective on life and how to live, I’m happy, I’m everything a person could ever aim for and achieve. What hurts, is the fact that none of it’s real. 

You see, I’m actually not very intelligent. I’m smart because I put in the effort, but my capacity to learn is horrible and my brain just ain’t fit for academics and thinking, even though they’re the passions I call home. If I were to take an IQ test. In fact, I’ve always done horribly on tests. I just don’t have the intellectual capacity. Dare I say, I’m just the average human being. There’s nothing I’m naturally talented at. I’m all effort and no ease. 

So it doesn’t matter how smart my actions are or how smart I appear or how well I do, I will always feel inadequate because I know in my mind, that it’s just not who I am. I grew up relatively poor, what with both parents being artists, so I didn’t really have a whole lot to look forward to in life. I didn’t really have any great big aspirations, I never really had any passions as a kid, I sort of just drifted along in the hope that I would simply exist. 

On the one hand, my mother would consistently drum into me that I was an incredibly smart individual, which I only realised until later. Yet no matter what, I was an alright student, though certainly nothing spectacular. I did well and I knew I could do well if I tried, but I still was a B grade student. it wasn’t until after high school where my ambitions began to grow and develop, did I become the man I am today. 

Let me tell ya, it’s all technique and nothing more. I’m still average, though thankfully I have perspective on my side. It’s not about how you live your life or even who you are as an individual. It’s about how you see your own life through your very own lenses. 

I may be a speck of dust… that is all.