---
id: "62302706680"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "erotica."
summary: "erotica."
date: "2013-09-26 03:17:02 GMT"
slug: "erotica"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErw1Xzlu"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/62302706680/erotica"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

erotica.

You close your eyes. You’re facing the ceiling, yet all that’s apparent is the darkness of your own eyelids. There’s a great anticipation inside you. Life inspired death. Tragedy glimmered hope.

I breathe down your neck. You know it’s safe, yet all you can think about is the musky precipitation of my husky voice as it molests your purity like the sickness of my love. I place my lips around your cheek, biting away at your features like a man desperate for your pain.

My fingers are tense, garnering an acute friction against your soft skin. Slowly, I caress your dignity from your grasp; ten fingers at a time. I work my hands down your innocence. You gasp diligently to my tune. I’m at your hips. Now lower. You still can’t see a thing; your eyes shut off from the reality you once knew. I’m on top of you and you don’t even know it. You are stupid. You are worthless.

I slowly place my penis inside you; murmuring your name as I slide it in deeper; willfully expanding your vagina like the flooding of an underwater tunnel. You’re feeling heavy. Burdened. Privileged. You’re confused and indecisive. Yet you feel like a queen. I begin to doubt you. Then I smile at the stupidity of my thoughts. You’re all mine.

A deadly silence lingers. You’re flattered by my presence; the presence I have borne inside you. I give you a violent shove, gently receding from your personal cave. I do it again; taking the time to let my penis become familiar with the interior of your vagina. Every detail. Every sense. Every motion.

You know it will come back to bite you.

I take my time. I plunge into you. You grab onto me, digging those sharp nails of your into my lean flesh. You’re afraid. You’re scared. You’re weak. I thrust again and again. I’m teasing you with my love: the one thing you’ll never have.

I’m like a cocoon over your tiny body; my weight crushing your small petite exterior. My penis is inside you further than even your own fingers will allow. It’s sexual ecstasy.

No. It’s better.

But I’m bored. I stop. Leaving my penis inside you, I push you back onto the bed. You’re in denial Mimi. You’re desperate for more. You shout my name, begging for my touch. You want my fuck more than anything else in the world. I stare back with confidence, smirking at how pathetic you’ve become. Before you were shit and here you are, abusing the false sense of hope I’ve given you. You’re addicted to my taste and now you feel hollow without it. Your anger is developing. You cry, you beat, you lose. You solemnly hate me. You are defeat.

I slap you and tell you to wait; tears forming at the scar of my discipline. My penis is still hard inside you and it’s all you can think about. Then when you least expect it, I strike you like a rocket and you give up an unbearable scream of pure orgasm. The night has just started.

I begin thrusting you violently; uncontrollable to your whim. You grab me harder. I push you back onto the bed. I want sex Mimi. You don’t deserve my touch. I pummel you continuously. Seconds feel like years.

It’s too good. It’s too much. You cannot take my sensation.

You are weak.

You scream at me. I’m riding you up and down, like a freight train on two opposing lines. Crushed in-between is your desire; the desire that demands my touch.

I’m fucking you like an animal and you’re squealing like a pig. You tell me to stop. We’re sliding in-between our own flesh; my sweat dripping down your thighs; your legs remaining akimbo to my sin. You try your best to love me, but all you feel is the sensation of my penis inside you. This is not love Mimi, because you are being used for my sex. It’s all you’re good for. Don’t say my name. 

I abruptly take my penis out of you, immediately choking you with my clenched fury. It’s rough on your precious throat, but my drive to fuck you doesn’t care. I must deny you the pleasure; the pleasure you stole from me. You’re a fucking little thief Mimi, you stupid fucking bitch. How dare you take my love. I would never waste it on you.

I proceed to spit on your face. I rub my appendage all over the smeared makeup you thought would impress me from the dinner earlier that night.

Not a chance.

Your mouth remains firmly closed. You don’t want to give in, but you’re desperate for air. You force an opening; the calling of your survival. Tut-tut. I take advantage of your weakness and I shove my penis down your throat. Every single inch of it.

You know I don’t like it when you lie Mimi.

You’re choking. You’re dying for air; gasping for my love. HA! Your eyes are barely open; you’re ready to pass out. But I let go at the last minute and you cough on your own sense of worthlessness. It’s only been ten minutes and yet you want the whole thing to end. It’s too much for you to handle. Not that I really care.

I forcefully lift you up, placing my tongue inside your organs. It’s searching for your g-spot, but I like to take my time. I want to explore your other features. It’s hungry for your shame Mimi. I will hit you again, so please don’t lie to me.

You’re too weak to move; only strong enough to take the love I have forced upon you. You’re vulnerable. You know it. It hurts to know that you’re shit. But you keep quiet. We both already know.

You’re delirious. You bite me hard. I lose your touch. You cower behind your insolence, shaking at the corner of my bed, looking at me like an untamed beast gone wild.

I can’t help but laugh. You’re surrounded by me Mimi. You want me. Don’t deny it. Please make this easy Mimi, I promise I’ll treat you right. You know it, but you shake your head in fear. You think those puppy-dog eyes are doing you good, but all you want is for me to fuck you harder. You can’t stand being wrong, but you know your love for me is overwhelming.

Dumb bitch.

I give you a second chance. I tell you to come back. I’m tricking you Mimi, just so I can fuck you like the piece of crap you are. You deserve it. You willfully give in, but you must be punished. I slap your face like it doesn’t even exist. I grab your face and I squeeze your cheeks. I look you straight in the eyes with an intensity you’ve never seen before. It pierces you. You heart stops momentarily.

Don’t make me work Mimi. Daddy doesn’t like to work. Because when he works, he works hard…