---
id: "58737376610"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "face."
summary: "face."
date: "2013-08-19 23:31:39 GMT"
slug: "face"
state: "draft"
tags: "comedy,media,fame,success,failure,creation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErsj1JrY"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58737376610/face"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I always about wonder how things would be different if I did a Tumblr blog featuring nothing but pictures, where people could see my face, my name, my details, my life, my everything. I mean, it’s not that I’m afraid of who I am, it’s just that I wanted to take a different approach towards this idea of persona. 

As a young teenager, I was obsessed with this idea of fame. All I wanted to do was get my name out there, share my brand to the world and become a celebrity of sorts. To me, I thought the best way to achieve that was via YouTube and media. So I made a heap of videos, did a ton of podcasts and I wasn’t too shabby at it. My very first video hit 100,000+ views, so I did something right. My podcast used to get 800 downloads a day, so I knew I had talent. 

Success is a very simple formula: supply and demand. The problem was that I didn’t really care much for the demand side of things. I knew what I had to do to be popular, but I certainly didn’t care for that aspect creatively. I wanted to be me, which was something people didn’t particularly want, nor cared for. I wanted to explore myself, not other people’s wants and needs. 

I loved it at first, but fame got down on me. I didn’t have the mainstream personality people required. I was funny and I was kooky, but it didn’t capture the average mind. Yes, I wrote financial comedy. Who’d thunk it.

The real problem was that I was living this cognitive dissonance. I knew I was very good at what I did, however when no one watched your videos, it was quite a sad reality. Either you destroy your heart making the crap you care not of