---
id: "60936127806"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "fight."
summary: "fight."
date: "2013-09-11 15:06:55 GMT"
slug: "fight"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErum4uK_"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60936127806/fight"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m the kind of guy who won’t fight for you, which in a sense is what makes me so difficult, if not perfect. Like, if we have differences and we begin to hate each other, I’m not going to try and work it out, because it almost never works. You end up fighting again or at the very least, hate each other less. Sure, you end up losing a lot of friendships, however I never truly see loss, only unrealized potential.

I can’t imagine the number of best friends I’ve lost over the stupidest things. Yet whether the catalyst was stupid or not is irrelevant. What’s important is that the end outcome is inevitable.

Trust me, I tried. However when you think about it, you can’t really change a person fir they are. I remember early on, I was adamant on this idea of changing people to become more like me (with the tragic irony being that the reason why we clicked, was because we were all individuals.) And so I’d persist in the hope that they would morph into another me and of course it would never happen.

What I enjoy abut my mantra however, is that relationship is completely mutual and voluntary. If you end up not liking me, no hard feelings. I think that’s th best thing about my best friends: we’re not together out of obligation. We’re together because we WANT to be together. If things aren’t working out, then we take time apart and perspective blooms again.