---
id: "61848319556"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "fight."
summary: "fight."
date: "2013-09-21 13:47:05 GMT"
slug: "fight"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvcSdP4"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61848319556/fight"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I was at my friend’s house this Friday night, where every Friday night at the same Friday night time, he calls me at 1:30am to see whether I want to go drinking with him. Always just as I’m about to go to bed. It’s the same thing every single time. I tell him how much I just want to sleep and yet somehow, he manages to peer pressure me into coming. Of course, that would simply be dishonest. This man, is quite possibly… the most loving and caring person you will ever meet and I mean that sincerely. The amount of love and opportunity he’s given me over the past couple of months, has perhaps far surpassed that of any other friend I’ve ever had over my entire life.

He’s not just an amazing friend, but dare I say, he is the best person I have ever met. He has your back and you have his. He would jump in front of a bullet to save your life. That’s just who he is and grateful, is just a mere word compared to his greatness. If ever you thought bad about people, just spend a night with this guy. He will completely change your perception on life. There are a lot of shit guys out there and trust me, I’ve seen them all. He could be farther in contrast. 

So I went to his house and it was fairly typical. Drinking, banter, what have you. He’s your classic Australian-Irish friend. Overweight. Loud. Centre of attention. Sexist/Racist/Dick jokes akimbo. Larakin type, though somewhat cunning. Out-there. However one thing you’d never expect from his cheerful exterior: marred with tragedy. 

Every time we meet up, he always has a tragic story of the week. We always spend a moment to reflect on his life and how he’s been cheated by society. He’s a very angry and violent person on the inside, because he’s been through a lot of shit. Stupid things that he’s not responsible for. He’s nearly died a many of time, robbed, attacked by ice junkies, serious car crashes, cheated on, you name it. Of course, my life was also a little tragic and so I’d also talk about my own inner mischief. Consider it a tragedy exchange. 

As a result, he’s quite a serious alcoholic. Most days he’s on the booze, though he does it under the guise of “party boy”. No one needs drugs in that sort of quantity, unless if they’re really depressed or going through some sort of phase. I have nothing against occasional drug use I’m not really much of a drinker (or even drug taker for that matter anymore) because I feel like I have no need for it. Plus I don’t really like the taste of beer. Yet here I am, in his house, and he’s sculling pots like it’s 1999. I casually sip on mine and after about three, my stomach feels sick. He just keeps going.

So with all this in context, I couldn’t help but feel a little out of place that night. Put simply, I no longer feel that my life is shit. I have the most amazing girlfriend that anyone could ever imagine and she makes me the happiest person in the world. I have no tragedy. I feel cured. I feel happy. I just want to talk about the positive and emote my love for her. You know the best thing about having a girlfriend? They simply don’t give you the time to be sad and depressed, because you’re spending all your time on her. It’s the most wonderful thing in the world. 

This week’s tragedy was that he got robbed/conned by a bunch of people at a bar. Basically, these people were pretending to be bar tenders and they were taking money of people’s behalf for drinks, when really they just took the money and run. There was this other guy who he hated from high school at the uni, and he wanted to get violent. In fact, he plans on doing so next week. That’s inherently what we talked about. 

Yet the whole night, all I wanted to do was talk about my girlfriend, yet I felt that I’d be kind of mean to talk about a positive, because it would be out of place. It would make him feel uncomfortable and I didn’t want him to be offended. This is about where things took a turn for a worse. I decided to take him aside and talk about the whole situation. Somewhere along the line I said the words: “You always bring me down” perhaps unintentionally. A terrible, terrible mistake. 

At this point, he’s incredibly offended. He goes into this incredible spiel about how he’s the most happy guy in the world and how I ruined his night and all that. Yet the whole time, I just stood there, completely calm thinking “What have a done wrong? Why are you so angry, clearly this is a miscommunication?” So I kept saying I was sorry, but apparently that wasn’t good enough. He kept asking, clearly you have something on your mind, why on earth would you say something like that?

I had no idea what to say. It wasn’t really how I felt. You see, the problem with me, is that I’m not really used to arguing. I’m not an arguer, so I don’t really know how to deal with these situations. They completely overwhelm me and I feel completely confronted. I have a very different way of understand relationships, I take things incredibly mutual. The way I see it, if you both have good intention and you know you like each other, why even fight? What’s the point?

Another problem I have with confrontation, is this whole idea that if you ask a question, you’re provoking a response which may or may not be accurate. So for example, if you ask someone what their favorite color is, when they don’t have a favorite color to begin with, can the answer be truly legitimate. That’s kind of how I felt, I just didn’t really have an answer, because I didn’t really know what to say, nor even how I felt.

So we argued about how I didn’t mean to say it, but these are just excuses at the end of the day. The worst thing is that he studies psychology and he’s quite passionate about it and he constantly calls you out on a bunch of things, like the fact that people say things for a reason etc. So there’s no getting out of this one. 

I tried telling him how I just felt uncomfortable talking about the positive, because he was talking about the negative, which made it worse. He then said, that I'm accusing him of only talking about the negatives, which is clearly untrue. Because he’s a really entertaining guy It’s the same thing, I have no idea what to say. I’m just talking because he’s provoking me for a bunch of answers I just don’t have. 

Yet the whole time, my face was blank. I was calm as a piece of wood, though as confused as a bird in a cage. 

I’ve always had a terrible experience fighting with people. I used to be a fighter, but then I became passive. I used to fight passionately, because I wanted to change people. I wanted to make them into the image I was. Yet it never worked. I was never able to change people, only destroy the friendship.

But I realised a very important thing that night. Fighting isn’t about change. It’s about understanding. There’s no right or wrong, there’s only discussion about what you think. Just because it gets emotional, shouldn’t be a deterrent. It shouldn’t be a reason not to fight, though it’s something I discourage. 

Anyway, we’ve gone through a lot at this point and he’s visibly offended and so he finally asks me: “Do I always bring you down?” I paused for a moment, because I didn’t want to continue fucking up and fighting over something I wasn’t even sure of. After a long pause, I said “At times, I think you do.” For the first time in this ordeal, he calmed down and he said “ok”. 

I followed it up. I said something along the lines of “But you know what, we both do it. I failed to realise that we both exchange tragedy and so it’s not one sided. 

I then explain why I