---
id: "58209092363"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "follow"
summary: "follow"
date: "2013-08-14 03:18:32 GMT"
slug: "follow"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErsDY4CB"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58209092363/follow"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t have many followers, but that’s ok. I don’t care who reads my words, just so long as they mean something to me. I used to have a thing for fame, but now I realise that passion is more important. I have this habit of obsessing over my own creations, an obsession I’m sure we all share to an extent. Basically, after I post something, or make a video, or whatever, I’ll often spend hours experience it over and over again for as long as time will allow, and it will we be the greatest thing on earth for me. No matter how many times I consume my own creations, it will always feel just as brilliant as it was the very first time I laid my eyes upon it. 

I guess it explains why I tend to keep everything I’ve done. It doesn’t matter what it is, I need to record my life and keep it, otherwise I just feel like it’s a waste. When I was 16, I did my very first radio show at this youth community radio station and they gave me an hour every weekend. Personally, it was the greatest thing in the world. After each show, I would take the recording, edit it down, and for the whole week until the next show, I would literally listen to the recording on repeat for the whole week until the next show. I would listen to each show hundreds and hundreds of times and it was the source of joy in my life. I would say that I’m less fanatic now, just because I create so much and I’ve just made so much, that it almost feels less significant now, 

I’m not entirely sure why I create, however I think that self-expression is the bread and butter of intelligent consciousness, and that art is the key to appreciating life.