---
id: "59244284802"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "gleeful."
summary: "gleeful."
date: "2013-08-25 00:30:55 GMT"
slug: "gleeful"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErtBF0k2"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/59244284802/gleeful"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

The best thing about losing friends, is that you end up finding new ones, who preferably, are better than the ones you left initially. This Saturday I decided to hang with those friends. We met up at the usual place; the anarchy disgust of nature’s own cause. If you’d handed me a pitch I fork, I’d be inclined to call you sir. 

I was talking to my psychopath friend about the best night of my life; I’d been clubbing the night before at the opening of a certain establishment. I took three, pure MDMA pills and I was dancing non-stop for a good six hours straight, even as my friend drove me home. I just couldn’t help myself. 

The first hour was shit. Actually, let me go back. I had to sit a test I’d miss for my uni class and so I had to make up for it later. There was this other guy there and he was struggling, so I told him that he could have my answers. He shouted me coffee and we got talking, about drugs, clubbing, that sort of thing. Anyway, I planned on going alone, however he mentioned that he was going to go out and that I should go alone, so I tagged with him instead. Holy shit, if it weren’t for him and his friends, it wouldn’t have been quite as amazing. They were really caring and supportive the most of ways, I couldn’t have thanked them enough.

There I am, standing in the smoke room and I’d just thought, what the fuck is this shit? Is this all we do? Kinda stand there and awkwardly do nothing? But later on, we headed up to the dance floor and that’s where the real fun began. 

People naturally doubt themselves and their own abilities. I know I’m good at socialising and I’m incredibly friendly and easy to talk to etc. However, when the doubt is so strong, all you can really hear is the scream of your own denial. Life gives me the perception that people are evil, senile creatures, bent on being cunts and living off the dead. 

I kind of thought in my head, “Well shit. If people suck dick in real life, then they’re probably going to be 1000X worse at a club.” Well, now I kind of realise it’s a ratio thing. There are dickheads in almost every scene. 

So yes, the experience was very easy, and initially, it lacked any sort of mental stimulation. Though really, that’s not the game you play. You go up to people, find something meaningful to say, introduce yourself and then the rest is history.

You have to be conscious who you talk to though, because you don’t want to piss off any gang members or big shots. I introduced myself to one guy and so obviously, he goes down the whole “don’t you know who I am?” routine. This is when you pretend to play drunk. Works almost every time. 

I think best thing about clubbing is the amount of confidence it gives you and how you then, can use that confidence in everyday life. You think to yourself, “Well shit, If I can be that comfortable in front of all those people as part of their little game, then you can pretty much get away with anything. I approached this girl the morning after, just as I was waiting for my bus and we got talking like two birds in an orchard tree. 

Perspective is perception. 

You see, people aren’t as stupid as you make them out to be. I found this out as part of the group I vaguely hang out with. There’s this particularly dumb person who’s unbelievably dumb. You wouldn’t have ever thought that someone could be THAT dumb, but no, this man (well, he’s only 15) proves it all. Yet every single time, he always manages to be ‘on top’ of the crew, because he’s the biggest and the most aggressive of the lot. He plays a very smart game in that sense that he almost relies on his stupidity to take advantage of our little social circle. 

If you haven’t been clubbing yet, fucking do that shit. I would’ve been more than happy to go alone that night, however friends are just the topping on the cake. If you know you’re friendly and have confidence, you’ll have nothing to worry about. However, if you’re a shit cunt like the rest of the crowd who held their experience ransom to the screen on their phone, then you should murder yourself brutally. If you actually enjoy to dance (note: essential), then it will be the best night of your life. 

Anyway, so I’m chatting with my psycho friend, whom I love dearly, and he casually brings his plan to date a 13 year old, which is obviously screams questions at his current age of 18. But that’s the great thing about our relationship; I don’t question him, because I understand where he’s coming from. Not to say that I agree with him, but there’s a degree of empathy in there somewhere. 

I love our conversations, because they borderline societal death. It’s always like: "Man, just imagine if I started killing people” and he honestly wouldn’t be joking. He already blows up cars, manipulative seduction, well, you name it. But it’s hilarious, because he tells me how he’s the most hated person in high school, because he just cycles sluts and deals copious amounts of weed. This was coming from someone who used to be the most popular person, so it’s such a dramatic contrast. 

Though what makes us click is that we’re on the same intellectual level. He’s incredibly smart and talented, just perhaps… tainted. 

I felt like a zombie with a deliriously weak heart that day. I’d smoked way too much weed and I was just about ready to have a heart attack. Here’s the thing: I’d taken three MDMA pills for my very first time, which is an insane amount by anyone’s account. I’d only gotten 4 hours of incredibly poor sleep the night before and weighing myself, apparently I’d lost 5kg! 

But I’m just the journalist. What do I know.