---
id: "61956408857"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "idol."
summary: "idol."
date: "2013-09-22 13:50:15 GMT"
slug: "idol"
state: "draft"
tags: "mental illness,sick,disorder"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErviuyOP"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61956408857/idol"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t understand girls who complain about being sexually frustrated. On the one hand, they generally idealise this notion of perfection. Be it looks, love, life, romance, sex you name it. That’s basically all Tumblr is - you reblog the pictures which best suit your fantasy. Then on the other hand, they complain about the reality, which doesn’t suit to meet their expectations. How’s the anxiety going for ya? That’s what I like about the blog, is that it’s all reality. I’m not comparing myself to anything else. There is no disparity in my cognitive dissonance, because it doesn’t not exist. 

For one, I don’t idealise women. I have my kinks, we all do, but I don’t worship women for being particular and I don’t look up to women who are extraordinarily pretty. I would go as far as to say that since I got a girlfriend, I no longer even pay attention to other women in public, even the dashingly gorgeous ones. I just don’t give a shit. I don’t care if you’re pretty, ugly, tall, small etc. All I care about is the personality behind the mask.

I talk to people as a human being, not as objects. I don’t have a set of political values that a skim through when we talk. Obviously I don’t post pictures, but if I did, I wouldn’t post pictures of my “ideal woman”, let alone any pictures of amazingly pretty women. I don’t need the sex appeal to have my draw. Quite frankly, I have other ideas in my mind that don’t involve worship and perception appreciation. 

But you know what, since you do post pictures of extraordinarily pretty women - women which I might add, are much more pretty than yourself - then why on earth would I waste my time on you, because quite frankly, I think you look like shit. In fact, you look fucking average. Come back once you’ve lost the face and maybe a couple of kilos as well. Don’t worry, these are your standards. 

Put simply, you cannot securely appreciate something you’re insecure about. You can pretend all you like, but you’ll always have this tiny inkling, traumatising the later parts of your conscious, eating away at your brain like a worm into an apple. To post as many pictures of cute guys/girls as you want, but to also be insecure about who you are at the same time? Oh please. Welcome to dilemma city. 

Though I can’t complain, because nature is inherently obvious and I just find the whole ordeal hilarious. That’s why I’m a comedian, because everything is seemingly backwards and I’m inclined to laugh at it. From what I’ve observed over the years, I would say that there’s a fairly equal ratio of women who are insecure about their looks, to the ratio of guys who are judgmental pricks. So hilariously, they reinforce each other and form a retarded pact. 

Yes, I do understand that the whole thing is tragically sad, but when it’s this far out of your reach, that reach being of common sense, you have no other option but to laugh at the insanity engulfing your vision. By all means, form the destructive cess pool that is tearing you all apart. I shall stand on the side-lines, sipping my gin martini to tune of your illogical frustration. If you haven’t figured it out by now, then what use are my words, other than to mock my own effort with this drabble. 

So then what happens is that the secure couples, head off and realise what life is really about, because they cannot be fucked dealing with all the bullshit. All the insecure one’s mingle and it’s a complete mess. Hey girl! So you want a guy who doesn’t judge you for you how you look? Then take the effort to stop judging yourself first and the rest will sort itself out. Though I guess that’s the hardest part to begin with.

Personally I can’t stand celebrity. I don’t know why people worship others in the first place. They’re no more special than you. They’re no more significant. Everything has their place in society and you form part of that circle. How about the first Homosapien ever born into existence? How about the first person to ever invent the wheel? Where are their egos, millions of years later? Let’s inject a heavy dose of perspective here, into that nutrient deficient brain of yours. You are simply one of the some hundred billion humans to have ever existed. What makes you feel so big, mere grain of sand. 

If you have negative thoughts, you are sick. If you are anxious, lacking of self-esteem, consistently getting depressed, then guess what buddaaaaay? You are sick. There’s a very simple cure to sickness. It requires thinking differently. Change may be a bastard, but it’s also your cure, so don’t be so mean to your smarter cousin. 

Understand that you are weak. Understand that you are completely worthless to everyone. Understand that you and no one else is better than the other 7 billion human beings we also exist with. Just because some small African child doesn’t have his own show on MTV, doesn’t make him any more or any less. Your false sense of perception will kill you before nature does, because when you are sick, you are no longer functioning. You have no humanity to call home. 

We are not ego. We are not special. We are not the best thing since sliced cheese. Yet here I stand, the happiest, most purposeful man I’ve ever been, with an amazing set of friends and a girlfriend who makes me feel like the moon.

Though I wasn’t always like this. I was sick. I looked to change and now I am free. Change isn’t easy and neither is it free, but it is a solution. Living in complete fear of your own well-being is not a solution. Continuing any portion of your existence, unhappy or insecure is not a solution. You ARE the solution. 

Go be free. Not sick.