---
id: "61015933920"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "illness."
summary: "illness."
date: "2013-09-12 11:38:35 GMT"
slug: "illness"
state: "draft"
tags: "mental illness,ego,identity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruqrKFW"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61015933920/illness"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m genuinely surprised at the number of people with mental illness and I think Tumblr is an integral problem to the issue. Don’t get me wrong. I had a completely retarded life and it certainly wasn’t the stellar experience we all wish to crave. But I don’t really have any significant issues with my life, I’m generally quite happy and it’s not like there’s ever been an urge to see a psychiatrist of anything. I think the solution is quite simple: Ditch the ego.

Quite obviously a lot of people are in denial without realising it. You cannot be fully in control of your life, without first being self-aware of your own problems. Understandably, some of these problems are simply out of people’s control, such as a abusive parents or whatever it may be. However a lot of people are depressed, because of this simple idea of abundance. We all have so much, that we don’t really know what to do with it and we crumble. So we turn to our ego, to find other outlets to flaunt. I find it hilarious when people take a billion selfies of themselves and then all of a sudden, they get depressed over this idea of image. Uh, hello there! Hollow part of the brain!? Can you see me? 

Ego is a temporary solution to a life-long problem. The first problem is that people assume they’re special, because mummy told them so. Hardly so. You are insignificant in almost every single aspect. You are one of Seven billion human beings and you are no better than the rest of them. Don’t get me wrong. It was drummed into me that I was the most special person in the world. It caused a lot of problems for me, that I didn’t even realise. 

I think a lot of people in life, especially on Tumblr, are just dying for attention. It’s like people want to be recognised, yet I would argue that they don’t really know why. 

Then there’s the whole “Oh, but societies standards.” No. Fuck societies standards. If you can’t do something entire stupid within public, then you have issues with your own self-esteem. You can either not give a fuck what people think or you live in complete fear everyday. Without integrity, you do not even exist to your own present understanding. If you want to have any sanity to call your own, you must figure out the cognitive dissonance within your head. Too many people want to have their cake and eat it too. HA!

I don’t take selfies of myself, because I do not want to stroke my own ego. I mean, don’t get me wrong. I WANT to take pictures of myself, but unless if you can give me a good reason to doubt my own existence from the point of my own consciousness, then I think I’d rather stick to these words. Words are simply a reflection of intellect - the attachment is purely by association. What’s important is in the meaning of the message, not the author behind the logic.

Life ain’t easy when you want a billion things at once. That’s just your brain fucking with you. Have a stick instead. Now be happy.