---
id: "61643115043"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "image."
summary: "image."
date: "2013-09-19 03:04:19 GMT"
slug: "image"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvQDqeZ"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61643115043/image"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t understand why people are so obsessed with the ideas of looks and body image. I get the impression that every looks keenly retarded and that all we really have is “cute” at the end of day. The rest we call fashion. I swear, everyone in my tutorial is ugly as fuck and the vaguely atractive ones slather on a layer of makeup and call it a day.

So the societies who are really insecure about the way they look, in particular Eastern cutures, really drill home this concept of cute and it becomes a whole new world of it’s own. It all comes down to this concept of ‘face’ that they pertain to. My Korean friend was telling me how over there, it doesn’t matter what course you do at university, only the prestige of your institution. So you could be studying the history of feminism during the medieval period or basket weaving, but it wouldn’t so long as you went to the best uni. 

I prety much dress homeless and I don’t care. People give me looks dirty looks, but it’s not like I actually give a shit. No, it’s not because I’m a guy and I can get away with it. I legitimately look like like horse shit, whenever I’m in public and I’m not there to impress. Trust me. If it ain’t a chick, hoodie n’ woollen track pants it is.

The only problem with adopting a policy of cute, is that it replaces this idea of depth and personality. What’s the point in even needs a sense of who you are, when the perception is all you need.

What you obviously need is a fine balance. The problem with western society, is that we abandom this idea of cute for personality, so everyone looks retarded but at least they’re a bit interesting. Though I guess makeup is our version of sustainability.

Look at any face long enough and your eyes will turn to jelly. The important thing: Don’t become the jelly itself.