---
id: "58207094217"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "labels."
summary: "labels."
date: "2013-08-14 02:54:18 GMT"
slug: "labels"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErsDQSN9"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/58207094217/labels"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Humans are naturally brand whores. We need labels to make us feel human, to describe the everyday experiences we pertain to. That’s what we call ego, because apparently our consciousness is much too significant for even our own touch. Yet what happens, is that we becomes so attached to the labels, that we forget why we enjoyed the experience in the first place. We then get depressed over the things we used to love, the confusion playing out in our minds. 

Music is perhaps the biggest culprit, because for a medium that relies purely on sound, it’s hilarious how people buy into the farce. It’s no longer about the sounds, because the experience has sucked you into something much greater. It then becomes about the looks, the culture, the death trigger response. Who the fuck needs sounds when you’ve got you’ve got a bunch of repeating images in your mind? But humans are silly like that. 

While I love music (I mean, who doesn’t?), I think it’s a massive exaggeration to say that music is your life. It just becomes desperate arrogance at that point. This is coming from someone who plays music and studies sounds. I play around with harmony and I’m obsessed with aural ability. I don’t just want to hear the sounds, but I want full interpretation over their presence. Improvisation is perhaps the most fundamental factor in my passion. The element of surprise is perhaps the greatest thing since sudden death, indeed. 

I know I have a playlist of music I rely on, but I honestly don’t remember any of the song names. Who cares? It’s just music. There’s billions of songs out there, why does it really matter what the labels are? We all enjoy music, let’s just leave it at that.