---
id: "63152776483"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "life."
summary: "life."
date: "2013-10-05 06:44:15 GMT"
slug: "life"
state: "draft"
tags: "life,amazing,happy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErwqCkKZ"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/63152776483/life"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I should be so incredibly grateful for my life. I have so much of everything, yet I don’t even acknowledge it.

I have a family to call home. People underestimate the significance of family. Without family, you literally have nothing. Think of all the money they’ve spent on you. Think of all the time and effort, the education, the care, the love. I’m a single child, so I get to keep everything. The house. The vast collection of my mother’s art. There’s honestly too much to even think about. 

I have a bunch of amazing friends who are irreplaceable. I went to a good high school with amazing connections. I have more love than anyone can imagine. I have a girlfriend that gets who I am, wants to fuck me, be with me, cherish me. Oh yes. 

If I actually cared, my CV would look stunning. I have more work experience than a vast majority of the people in my field and I have the fundamental skills that make me do well. From my self-study I’ve managed to obtain years and years of knowledge, which has helped me to think critically and outside of the box.

My savings account is looking particularly swell. I know how to invest my money and I have a firm grasp of economics and finance. I could start a ludicrous business if I really wanted to and I have the connections and knowledge to pull it through. 

My expenses are basically zero. Living at home, I don’t have to pay rent. My mother is basically never in my face, so it’s like I’m living alone. I would say that roughly 90%+ of my weekly income can be spent at my discretion on anything I like, though generally I save it most of it. 

I very rarely spend my money on things, which is why I have so much saved up. I have no addictions, no expensive habits/hobbies to maintain. I’m an intellectual. Sex and words is all I need. I already have everything I could possibly need. The next step is a house and a car. Then I’m already done. 

I can do anything if I put my mind into it. I’ve already proved that to myself.

I have an amazing job that pays well and provides more than enough hours than I can even fathom. The people I work with are great and provide a real sense of family. 

I’m going to have a university degree by the end of 2014. If I market myself correctly, I should be able to get any job that I see fit.

I've traveled heaps to different countries, I’ve met some amazing people, my mother has connections that grant me astounding privelleges and honestly, my life is fucking amazing. I even got to spend the entirety of grade 6 studying in China. 

I didn’t particularly grow up rich (my family used to be quite poor, only because I had a single mother growing up and it didn’t really help that she’s a professional artist), but it was enough for me to appreciate my life for what it was and not take wealth for granted.

Hilariously as an artist, my mother was terribly poor, yet she’d always pull amazing favors from very dodgy people. We got our first 52" flat screen TV by trading in a painting to this guy we knew. But anything involving money? Forget about it.

My life has had enough struggle and perspective, that I was able to learn from it and become open minded, but not enough to drive me insane. I’ve been in most positions in life: abused, cherished, neglected, hated, loved and basically everything in-between. It’s the best thing, to have experienced it all, so now I take comfort in my own existence. 

Yet I’m only 20-years-old. I still have the rest of my life to experience and I have no mental disorders to speak of. I feel great about myself, I’m not insecure and I have no inherent problems with who I am, physically or mentally. I’m fit and I’m healthy. I don’t give a fuck about what people think about me. 

With all this said, I’m happy just being me. All I want is a book and a pen. Not to mention, my girlfriend to write about. 

Everything else is just a bonus at this stage. By no means was it easy. My life has been a struggle since day one. But it’s what you do with your journey, that defines who you are today. That’s what I’m ultimately grateful for.