---
id: "60834898948"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "MTDC."
summary: "MTDC."
date: "2013-09-10 10:51:41 GMT"
slug: "mtdc"
state: "draft"
tags: "drugs,melbourne"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErug2kG4"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60834898948/mtdc"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m thinking of starting a Melbourne Tumblr Drug Club (MTDC), though I’m actually surprised at the number of people who just aren’t that interested in the whole spiritual/mind-expanding aspect to mind-altering chemical substances. People just seem to wanna get shit-faced and crunk. I can understand that some people’s lives can represent a frustrating episode of up and down sentiment as per the 9-5 weekly mantra, but would you see more value in going down the rabbithole, rather thna spin continuously until your liver pops?

I have very few spiritual friends, though a vast majority of them enjoy a few bacci bongs with their complete lack of lives. They don’t have a fine curiosity for living, they only serve to destroy it. They don’t want to see what’s potentially on the otherside, because they’re too focused on their current reality. It would freak them out. 

Actually, it’s the very reason why there’s virtually no LSD market in Australia - people simply don’t care to open their minds. There’s no demand for spirituality, despite the wide range of psychedelic substances available to people. LSD, shrooms and of course ayahuasca, though these are just the main three. There are many, many more to explore, all with varying effects, especially when combined. Let’s not forget DMT, the mother of all experiences. I am yet to explore dissociatives, the natural opposite to psychedelics, though I’m still young and there’s a whole plethora of research chemicals I’m yet . Coke and speed also sounds nice, though only on the recreation side of things. 

The sad thing is that in Australia, you can find enough weed to build your own house with, let alone the incessant amount of stimulants and depressants. Though never any hallucinogens Though I’m incredibly glad with the emergence of 25I-NBOMe, the crazier, more accessible cousin to LSD. Not only is it roughly 1/25th of the cost, however it’s also more easibly abused by amateurs and with the wrong dosage, could easily result in OD'ing unlike LSD which isn’t toxic until 10,000+ times the standard dose. It possibly could take just eight times for a night out on 25I. 

I remember the best drug I’ve taken to date was LSA, the precursor to . It was the first time I ever tripped and LSA is what MDMA should be. They say that MDMA makes you happy. hahaha get fucked cunt. LSA is the kind of drug, that makes you appreciate everything in this hyperstate of euphoria. You would honestly look at a tree for hours and stare into it’s complexity. You could happily stare into the clouds and have the most amazing time of your entire life.