---
id: "61207972190"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "oh no."
summary: "oh no."
date: "2013-09-14 15:18:13 GMT"
slug: "oh-no"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErv0HubU"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61207972190/oh-no"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Well, it happened. Avarie completely removed me from her life. In a sense, I feel like I’ve lost a huge part of me. She was my first one and even though she was the most illogical, painful and disappointing experience of my life, you cannot help but cherish and revel in her complete brilliance. I will never meet another girl like her in my lifetime, that I can guarantee. Words cannot describe her being, let alone the feelings we shared towards each other. We were two matches pieces to completely different puzzles, yet somehow, we still managed to make it fit.

Maybe that’s what made our relationship so special. It simply shouldn’t have happened. Her leaving my life is so very heart-breaking, because it was so imperfect and terrible to begin with, yet we somehow made it work. It was all the good qualities of commitment and now that’s all gone. Though my feelings are so mixed, that I can only help but feel torn apart. 

It’s kind of like your mother. Even if she may be the biggest pain in the ass and in the overall scheme of things, even if you hate her for who she is, she’s still your mother and there’s no one in the world who could possibly replace her. Avarie may have been such an incredibly heart-crushing experience, yet no matter what, it will always be special to me. She was the most magical girl I ever met, yet what hurt, was the fact that I could only ever be the journalist. I couldn’t be apart of her life as she saw it, because I just wasn’t at the right place at the right time. 

That’s the problem. The good was amazing, but the bad was also terrible. It was like these two forces were constantly shifting between my mind, yet irregardless of how I felt, it was still brilliant. I feel almost “lost” now that it’s all gone. The way I see it, the emotion was irrelevant. It’s the very idea of emotion itself. 

Her departure is probably just as crushing as it is for her, just as it is for me, though perhaps it was the right choice. Humans are naturally myopic and hypocritical, and I am possibly the worst case of that. To me, it’s not the experience that matters. It’s the opportunity. I would gladly take the worst possible experience, if it were the best possible opportunity. That’s just the kind of person I am. I loved the exclusivity and the dare. The tragedy I can deal with. 

Though honestly, I think it’s because our relationship only lasted