---
id: "60179466241"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "politics."
summary: "politics."
date: "2013-09-03 14:39:40 GMT"
slug: "politics"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru2_SW1"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60179466241/politics"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t tick with a lot of people, because I have a very critical view on just about everything. In fact, that’s why I pretty much always keep quiet in an argument, because I’m almost always going to disagree. Let’s put it this way: mainstream opinion is just flat out wrong, which almost makes up the basis of most thought, even within those who are highly intelligent. More often than not it’s subconscious. 

The problems with society today are quiet simple: 

- Humans are short sighted. 

- We’re not critical thinkers. 

People are easily confused by logic and they’ll honestly believe anything they’re told. Cause does not equal correlation. For some reason, people think they’re above logic, which I find hilarious. They place more faith on their own discretion i.e. ignorance, than basic maths. 

Perhaps the one thing that ticks me off the most, are politics based discussions. I find it hilarious when people talk about politics, because it makes me want to put a bullet through my head. Though always, stay quiet and let people believe what they want to believe. That’s the thing with me, I don’t like this idea of influence. I believe that people should be able to come to their own conclusions and it’s absolutely none of my business what they think, even if it may be factually incorrect in some cases.

I am a firm believer of history and history demonstrates that the human race is nothing more than a cycle of tyranny and liberty. You want to know what I think government is? I think government is a racket. Government is force. In a world of hierarchy, it just so happens that government has the most assets. 

I love this talk of democracy, because I believe in the ideals of freedom, not control. Democracy is two sheets.