---
id: "61079742546"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "sex."
summary: "sex."
date: "2013-09-13 02:42:11 GMT"
slug: "sex"
state: "draft"
tags: "sex,weed,exciting"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEruuekXI"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61079742546/sex"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Personally I’m not so much concerned with the orgasm, than the act of sex itself. To me it’s more like “OMG, I cannot believe I’m actually getting my dick sucked. This is insane!” I’m still incredibly immature and juvenile when it comes to anything remotely sexual, because it’s still something I’m yet to explore in it’s entirety. In fact, women are an aspect that have mostly been denied in my upbringing and/or have had terrible experiences regarding the opposite sex. The very thought of sex leaves me speechless.

Kind of think back to weed in early high school. It was new and exciting. The very idea of getting high, felt like some kind of monumental event. It was like the very next step into adulthood. No one really had any connections, except for that one guy in the class who always used to be stoned. As you can imagine, we got along just fine.

This is back in high school, when I didn’t even drink alcohol. So weed was like “Oh my fucking god. Could it be possible that I’m about to get high!?” Yes. Yes indeed. That bad boy WAS entirely possible. Come to present day and here I am, talking about sex like it’s some kind of sacred ritual, as per the cryptic scribe on the walls of the Egyptian pyramids. Sex is pretty much the same thing as weed, except possibly more of a challenge, which is why the whole thing is about a thousand times as exciting. It’s probably easier to find a source of weed, than a girl who’s willing to have sex with you. We’ll get there eventually.

I think the biggest issue in obtaining friendship alone, whether with a guy or girl, is in finding someone who’s willing to share their passions and life experience with you. That’s what it ultimately comes down to, yet the opennings are far and few inbetween, though I think it depends on the individual. Though all my best friends have been from random encounters, so who knows. 

Though this guy might be getting certifiably close to his aim, so stay tuned folks ;)