---
id: "62028049253"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "sexist."
summary: "sexist."
date: "2013-09-23 02:51:14 GMT"
slug: "sexist"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvnAEjb"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/62028049253/sexist"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have a very different view on misogyny compared to most and in a sense, I think guys are partially of right on this one. Hear me out folks, because I’d like to think I’m not a complete dumbass, but 

Now this is where it gets icky. When I speak of guys I refer to two very different beasts. I think misogyny comes in two vastly contrasting flavors, which women often confuse because they do not understand that the male sex. It is the reason for feminism, which is really just a representation of women’s insecurities. Though let’s talk about real life examples to explain why.

Grand Theft Auto 5. Now as someone who slurps perspective like it’s nutritional gold (uh, what?) I LOVE Grand Theft Auto. It’s only of my favorite game series of all time and it’s something that honestly brings a smile to my face. To me it’s the most amazing experience in the world, not because of what the game represents, but because of what the game parodies. 

What people don’t realise, is that Grand Theft Auto is a parody of real life. It’s perhaps some of the sharpest satire you will ever experience. It is such a hilarious take on American culture, that it sends tears to my eyes. The problem people have, is that they cannot distinguish between face value and literal value.

Take a recent example from my own life. I was in a rural area of town and this guy was on a bike with his mate. As he drove past, he gave me the finger and I smiled. I knew it was just a joke, it’s something I can appreciate. The most hilarious example, was when a car full of mates drove by and shouted: “If I were you, I’d kill yourself!” Honestly, I broke out into a fit of laughter. It was the most hilarious thing in the world.

These people don’t mean it. They don’t intend to have any actions to their worlds, it’s simply a way of expressing themselves in a completely non-malicious way. Of course, what ruins it for everyone, are the guys who are actually malicious and they’re the ones who should be attacked, not all guys in general. 

In other words, you have trolls and you have people who are seriously messed up. yet guys understand that it’s just trolling. We don’t get bitchy about it. I

Though the great hypocrisy that confuses me, is that women troll just as much as men, and often with malicious intent. The classic example when a girl say it feels good to reject another guy and crush their heart. I mean gee, how more malicious can you get, yet we all turn a blind eye. 

Certainly, this isn’t a commentary against women, so much as it is against cunts. It’s just in the sake of balance, let’s take a focus on the other gender for once. There’s a difference between being a tease and being a cunt. Most women don’t troll, they just act like cunts or they don’t say anything at all. Most guys troll, though some are certainly cunts. I call double standard on the whole thing.

As per usual, self-depreciation wins the day and we’re all happier for it. My penis is wider than it is longer. ah gad.