---
id: "60936225018"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "success."
summary: "success."
date: "2013-09-11 15:08:43 GMT"
slug: "success"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErum5G3w"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60936225018/success"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

My life legitimately sucks, but that ain’t mean I can’t laugh at it. The damageay already have been done, so I may as well utilise it.

I find it hilarious how I’m a failure, yet no matter what, I always get back up and keep trying. Well, I guess the first sickness in my head is that I think I’m a failure when I’m not. I can’t stand the attitude of society towards success. It drives me insane. The people who do suceed, are heralded as genius’ and are praised till the end of time, all the while the people who tried are scoffed at because they weren’t lucky enough.

At no point are failures ever encouraged to suceed. They’re demonised for something that we ultimately have no control over. I have a lot respect for people who try. I think it takes a lot courage, just by the amount heart break alone. It’s a good exercise that challenges your ego. It teaches you to look beyond what other people think. 

Because life isn’t about the success. Success is simply a personal definition to stroke your own ego. People get so caught up in the standards of society, that they forget about their own integrity. You’re only truly happy if you pursue the desires in your heart, not the bunch of lies we hope to justify our existence. 

So then it becomes a matter of managing the cognitive dissonance within your head. Do you care enough about what others think of you, or are you willing to be free? Only true men live free. The rest hide behind their faceless perception, to keep themselves from reminding of the disaster they’ve become.

You wonder why middleaged men have their routine midlife crisis. Now you know why. They had no heart to call home, though please, have all the money you want. You’ll need it for the therapy later on.