---
id: "60253230389"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "syria."
summary: "syria."
date: "2013-09-04 07:32:09 GMT"
slug: "syria"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilEru7NrKr"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/60253230389/syria"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have one overwhelming talent as a practicing journalist. I’m able to condense information into easy-to-understand pieces of gluttonous fabrication. Now, I don’t like talking about politics on this particular outlet, however I think it’s important that we actually understand the very basis of this future conflict involving Syria, which will in fact form the basis of WW3. The next world war will be in the form of proxy wars via the middle east and will eventually extend to domestic terrorism. 

I apologise if the following account is vague, however I could easily write an entire book on the subject, with included statistics, which is why I must be concise. Not that people generally read my blog ^^. 

Yes. I know it sounds absurd that after 70 years of relative peace (also as a generation of people who have never experienced conflict in our entire lives) that we are willing to sacrifice everything sacred for the complete destruction of mankind, however there is an importance piece of information that is being overlooked. Never in the history of the human race has there ever been such a period of prolonged peace, in which we weren’t killing each other. Believe it or not, this idea of working together is something relatively new and unfortunately, the grand experiment of globalisation is coming to an end. 

There is no easy way to explain this, because you cannot pinpoint the exact moment when the inevitable was going to happen. What I can say however, and this is crucial in the understanding of the world, is that EVERYTHING relates back the economics of the world and it’s people. Money is what makes the world go round, so if you can understand the financial system, you can understand history almost perfectly. 

Arguably, you could say 

However, I would argue that empire is a cycle that is inevitable. Every single empire is born and dies the exact same way. The current U.S. empire is playing out, almost exactly as the fall of the Roman empire. You have liberation, you have tyranny and then you have reset. 

WW3 represents a couple of things. Most prominently, as a result of peak growth, in particularly that of our debt based system.