---
id: "61954094718"
blogName: "inkquotes"
type: "text"
title: "worker."
summary: "worker."
date: "2013-09-22 13:15:13 GMT"
slug: "worker"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZIilErvim7P_"
postUrl: "https://inkquotes.tumblr.com/post/61954094718/worker"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m intrigued as to how sex workers feel about their life. I say that out of intrigue, because personally speaking, it’s something I could never do myself. I mean, I have nothing against it, but it just goes against my integrity. I could never join the army. I could never murder someone. I could never sell my body for money. I don’t think it’s inherently a bad thing. It is just what it is.

It’s understandable that in a society bent on perpetual debt creation, that there must be a price on everything. A price to ideas via false advertising. A price to kill young men in a war that only benefits the Military Industrial Complex. And obviously a price to get laid.

Yet the price to me is irrelevant. I don’t think you can put a price on something which is inherently intimate and personal. Is it possible to have fulfilling sex when it’s not love? Though that’s just my view. Some people reduce sex down to cumming, which is perfectly fine. I would compare it to buying a smart phone, just so you can use it to make calls. Forget the apps, forget any of the “smart” in your sex, because cumming works just fine for you. 

It’s like paying someone to write an essay for you. What do you actually gain from it, other than the mark? What pleasure is there in cumming if there was no work towards the goal? If the girl ain’t fucking you out of love, then why does it matter if you come? What meaning does it have to your outcome?

Masturbation is free because it’s severely lacking. If you want to cum, it’s literally as easy typing youporn.com into the address tab above. Yet if we were all happy just masturbating, I’m fairly sure none of us would experience sexual frustration and we’d all become sexual introverts. But we need something more. We need physical contact, we need them to say our name and make suggestive noises. It’s not the cumming we’re looking for. It’s the experience.

So to pay for the experience, is rather pathetic. No different to paying a tribe, so you can be apart of their culture. No different to paying people for information regarding their life. Because unless if they legitimately want your company or involvement in their life, you will transgress beyond nothing more than a dollar note. You are not even human to them. You are business. 

You pay with money, you get treated like money. You have no feelings. You have no concerns. Sure, you can create the illusion that they care; that they want the best of you. You may even begin to believe it if you pay them enough. You know that wife you buy all that jewelry for? If she’s already perfect in your eyes, why does she even anything more? Do you really find her more attractive in those gold earrings, or is it because you’re so inadequate as a husband that you have no other option. Care comes from the heart, not from the wallet. Everything else is just a farce. 

Though as we all know, supply and demand are the real winners at the end of the day. It isn’t about the experience, it’s about the consequence afterwards. 

I’m sure it’s all and well when you’re younger, but I can imagine in your older years, a sense of shame. It’s not that there’s anything wrong with being a sex worker. It’s the fact that there are alternatives that are seemingly “less wrong”. I’m imagining some sort of post traumatic stree

Because I think once you start capitalising on inherently personal experiences, that’s when it starts to get icky. Don’t fuck with the personal stuff, because it’ll confuse you later on. I personally speak from a background of comedy. I’m a very funny person, but I’m not a performer. I do it for my friends, I do it for the people I care, so I can make them happy and feel good about themselves. Not so I can sell myself to the world in a way that crosses the boundaries of what I’m willing to share with the world. If I were to tell a bunch of jokes on stage, to a bunch of people I do not care about, I would feel a little …dirty. Sounding familiar? 

However this is merely one perspective and I encourage every single perspective, even if it may cross Another perspective is that society is an ecosystem and that everything feeds into each other, meaning that everyone is responsible to some extent. So why be unnecessarily picky?

Everyone has their own ideas of integrity so I do not judge. Sell your body. Sell your soul. Sell your ideas. Sell your creation. Sell every single inch of your conscious. But at what price do you sell your sanity, let alone willingly? Conscious has a very concise way of biting back. That my friends, is why we have mental illness. Though as the nhilist I am, ain’t anything wrong with a bit of sickness in the brain ;)

Am I right guys!?