---
id: "85670339670"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "addict."
summary: "addict."
date: "2014-05-13 23:57:13 GMT"
slug: "addict"
state: "published"
tags: "ego,personality,obsession,self-awareness,mind"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1FoMQHM"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85670339670/addict"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m subtly addicted to image. Of course, everyone is, but they seldom even understand the concept. 

That’s okay.

I will no longer choose to be an image. Neither an image of myself nor an image of others.

I will live image free and I will learn to embrace the unlimited possibility I behold. No images of who I should be. No images of who I should become. You know that insecurity is one big image, right? You have this idea in your mind of who/they should be which conflicts with reality, so it makes you feel anxious/nervous/shit.

Dissolve.

Here’s the classic example. So you’re chatting up some guy/girl who’s really gorgeous. They’re absolutely stunning. They could have the worst personality in the world, however that’s irrelevant to the images you conjure. You are a visual bastard.

Now in real terms, you’re simply conversing with another person. However up in your brain, the plan is much more sinister. You create images of success. Part of you feels perfect. A sense of self-worth emerges. Blatant euphoria. Borderline obsession. Cockiness.

Lies. Lies. Lies.

All because of another person’s beauty. In a sense, you’re not really talking to another person.

You’re talking to your ego.

So imagine the sort of images you get when you’re procrastinating, being made fun of, failing, having a bad time etc.

No more images. Gee, why do you think porn is so addictive? 

Self-awareness, please take my hand.