---
id: "84678519435"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "along."
summary: "along."
date: "2014-05-04 02:55:44 GMT"
slug: "along"
state: "published"
tags: "friends,engage,conversation,funny,femnism,wit,ideology,human rights,trauma,honesty,offend,rant,thoughts,writing"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EtEwgB"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84678519435/along"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I don’t get along with most people. That’s totally fine. I’m not common and neither are any of my friends, which I suppose is a recipe for success.

I think it all comes down to your own insecurities at the end of the day. Are you willing to be open, closed or in denial of the trauma you have now succumb? 

I don’t particularly get along with feminists. Socialists. Vegetarians I’ve had success with. I tend to offend most queers, though not all. Most surprisingly, I get along with religious people better than most. There’s a certain level of tolerance in deity compared to other ideologies. Environmentalists, not so much. Mental illness? Ah gee, that’s a tough crowd, though I always manage to win their hearts in the end.

The point is, I’m not particularly anything and that’s reflected in the people I get along with. We have no agenda. We may be bundled to the brim with hearty tales and wonderful ideas, however it’s not a diminished projection of our self-worth. Chances are, we disagree with a lot of these notions. Yet that’s hardly relevant to the cause at hand. It’s not about the comfort, nor the honour.

It’s about experience and we live for the experience. 

I’ll admit that I’m a fucking rag-doll. I throw myself around more than anything. I like to experience with nature and psychology and it doesn’t bother me if I’m the punchline. I have something to gain from it; you don’t. I love to joke and equally speaking, I love to be made fun of. When I’m with friends at the supermarket, I’m the kind of guy who’ll ask you for your pointless opinion and engage in conversation. “Do you think my friend has a mental illness sir, because he certainly looks like it.”

I remember one time, I was riding my bike down the street and a car came zooming by and one of the guys shouted: “If I were you I’d kill myself.” I LOVE THAT. I laughed my ass off for a good minute and it honestly made my day.

So yes, I don’t get along with hard-liners. Listen, I have my own opinions. Strong opinions that I will fight for under sheer necessity. However even I, don’t take my own opinions personally, which is why I find it fun to provoke. I have no stake in this battle. I don’t care.

I’m more concerned with the balance of wit in the atmosphere.