---
id: "84303319624"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "appalled."
summary: "appalled."
date: "2014-04-30 06:30:32 GMT"
slug: "appalled"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,literature,spilled ink,stupid,grammar,linguistics"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EWtf98"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84303319624/appalled"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I’m (rather, ‘I am’) absolutely appalled at the subsequent decline of the grammatical quality inherent within my recent ramblings. My reputation has been tarnished by the bullet of this lowest bidder; that of the sheer incompetency which succumbs my slather. My projections of sorry and broken self-worth, transcend the very stars and their shine; the reflective sheen screams brash on the tip of your fair skin. What once was nutritious and forgiving, is now the very cancer causing agent of my desires. My degradation has taken a toll on the fabulous logic of my whim and these words are bleeding profusely for the very air they demand. Stale air will not be tolerated and a new batch shall be generated immediately. A sea of red is harsh on the eye, yet confusing for the reader who deserves attention to thy paramount.

At some point within my now utterly useless career, I represented the very bastion of literary authority and yet here I stand, in complete shambles to the behest of my shame. One can only apologise for the guilt and avarice that trickles down my silly mask, like a roll of emotional putty down into the streams of my own fabricated nature and detest. This lonely, incapacitated face is an illusion unworthy of your grace. These literary standards give no hope to any persons of importance; least of all yourself. They purge the very essence of your purity; representing innate filth and bane for the generations our humble future must now endure.

I am Hitler with no sin; your empathy is but a product for me to abuse.

Much better. 

lul