---
id: "82972022788"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "bachelor."
summary: "bachelor."
date: "2014-04-17 06:10:18 GMT"
slug: "bachelor"
state: "published"
tags: "fantasy,sexual,experience,naughty,horny,slut,erotica,kink,desire"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DHX9W4"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82972022788/bachelor"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I talk to Queensland girl everyday and she consistently asks me to talk dirty to her and describe our sexual fantasies. I’m a writer with a vivid imagination, so naturally I do a good job at it; especially the erotica. She’ll send me pornographic images and I’ll describe what I intend on doing to her in that scenario. It makes us both very horny hehe.

She told me that while she was on the train in Melbourne, she couldn’t stop staring at some guy’s cock and in the process of getting off, she pretended to accidentally fall on him so that she could feel his. Now that’s incredibly fucked, but I like it.

I like it a lot.

Anyway, so she sent me a picture of her body last night and holy crap. Shocked. Legit shocked. It was the most luscious thing I’d ever laid my eyes on and those breasts!? Like, they don’t even sag. They just don’t. They stay perfectly still. I mean, I got this scrawny looking thing for a penis, that may or may not vaguely represent an unearthed worm dying from loneliness, but holy moley.

I really hit gold with this one.

We want to do EVERYTHING together. I want to cover her in whipped cream and lick it off her entire body. Sexual acts in public with people within our vicinity. Rope tied. Play raped. Anal. Even drugs.

This has basically been a dream of mine, which would probably explain why I’ve been so giddy lately. It’s all one big mirage in my mind. 21 years of sexual oppression unleashed. So will thy take my hand?

She’s a horny girl who’s excited to be manhandled by the imaginations of her desire. I’m a horny guy who loves to play characters and fulfil said desires. Win. Win. 

It’s very odd to have a relationship that’s purely sexual. I don’t know any of her hobbies. I know literally nothing about her life except that she’s a chef. Oh, but the smutt in her mind? We’re only just getting started ;)

I wonder how it’ll work out when we meet up. I really want to shock and excite her the first time she meets me. I might grab her from behind and put my hands slowly down her pants hehe. I’m really good at flirt anyway, so boredom shouldn’t be an issue. We can also have spontaneous bouts of cuddles and affection… as I grab her hair and pull her down to my knees. 

It’s mutual prostitution and it has a certain harmony of sorts. Perfect barter. We’re only get to meet up for a few days every 1-2 months at most, so that keeps thing fresh and full of anticipation. I can’t wait!

Though as my friend said yesterday, I’d prefer it you’d refer to me as a bachelor, not a whore ;)

I want to be a playboy. I want to take people on dates and give them the time of their lives. People don’t know how to take risks or have fun any more. I also want to do it in a respectful manner that shows the girl a level of care and affection, to demonstrate that not all guys are complete jerks. 

I want to create an experience. The experience of your desires.