---
id: "83692976255"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "blame."
summary: "blame."
date: "2014-04-24 05:00:59 GMT"
slug: "blame"
state: "published"
tags: "fear,insecurity,vulnerable,delusion,girl,suck,blame,women,problems,feelings,negative,worry"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DyVNX-"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83692976255/blame"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I don’t think there’s any point in saying that girls suck or that women are the cause of all the problems in all my life.

Blame is often a tool used to circumvent personal responsibility. It’s easier to blame someone or something else, than it is to simply take responsibility of your own actions.

I still love women. I always will.

However I’m not going to let them affect the way I feel about myself. It’s a duty I owe to myself. I’m no better or worse than my counterparts. I’m no more or less vulnerable. I’m just another human being with a consciousness that provides me unlimited comprehension of reality and it’s projections.

Mold your perspective to fit your wealth. Delusion is a cold shoulder on the bare skin of your distaste. I don’t have to think in terms of grandeur in order to feel mighty significant about the way live my life.

I’m not cynical, however I’m skeptical and I think that’s a good thing. I’m skeptical of my own emotions. I’m skeptical of my own thoughts. Not to a point that I distance myself from reality, but to the extent that I have diction over my interpretation.

I’m not going to feel negative because of a simple interpretation. I’m going to feel positive instead. I’m going to see the beauty in everything, because there is no other alternative to a delusion-free life.

Love isn’t about fear. Love isn’t about worry.

So why do those things?