---
id: "83466988301"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "boat."
summary: "boat."
date: "2014-04-22 01:00:00 GMT"
slug: "boat"
state: "published"
tags: "australia,boat people,tony abbott,government,thoughts,writing,stupid,happy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Dl1IiD"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83466988301/boat"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I fucked a boat person last night.

That’s right. I sexually violated another man’s personal space with my massive cock, just as he got off the boat and onto the sandy shores of Darwin. Lil’ fucker had no chance, as I slowly drew my gun and put a bullet through the miserable piece of shit.

I’m hired by the Abott government to put an end to these slimy fuckers unfairly crossing our borders into OUR brighter worlds of glory and excess. We’re known as the mercenaries up north. Don’t you fuck with me. I’ll put you in a boat right now and rape the shit out your fucking asshole.

*ahem*

Okay. So the above narrative may or may not be a fictional account of the brutality that may or may not be happening in the may or may not be world today. Please, I beg you to experience their pain. Using a hammerhead screwdriver, build up the courage to slowly shaft your eyeballs out of their sockets and take a good hard look at yourself.

You’re beautiful.

Certainly no boat person, because you’re probably one of those immigrants who flew over by plane. Fucking love planes.

The point is, no one wants to be a boat person. In fact, who even knows if they exist. I’ve never actually seen a boat person in my entire life and I have a severe distrust for government, so god dammit, it’s probably a terrible time to tell you that I’ve in fact wet my pants and will attempt to bring my entire computer and it’s contents into the bathroom, where I shall clean myself and blog at the same time.

If you’ve ever been a to a brothel in recent months, chances are that you fucked a boat person. Yes, the chlamydia you picked up from that small child you had sex with, is in fact a tiny variation of the boat people on your privates. If you’ve ever been mugged by a person on a boat, then chances are it was a boat person or maybe the boat was the person in disguise… sneaky. You’ll know certainly when it happens, because you’ll be on a boat… as it happens.

Ah yes.

So I first started writing blogs when I was 14 years old and this was the early style of article I used to write. It was supposed to be funny and light-hearted. I hope you enjoy.