---
id: "81977434835"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "bullshit."
summary: "bullshit."
date: "2014-04-07 09:09:43 GMT"
slug: "bullshit"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,break up,hurt,pain,cheating,trauma,mental health,experience,love"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CMF6BJ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81977434835/bullshit"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Possibly you’re skeptical about all the “happiness” crap I spout and my recovery from depression or w/e. Well, if it makes you feel any better, allow me to explain my relationship history and what I had to go through over the past 7 months of my life. This is just a brief overview. I’ve managed to write entire blogs on the subject and I still have no idea what happened. 

My first girlfriend was severely depressed. The first month was fun, but after that it was living hell. She would tell me every single day how she felt like killing herself (especially in regards to the local train station) and that didn’t exactly do a positive number on my own mental health. Of course, I tried to stay the positive, bubbly boyfriend, but after a while I couldn’t keep it up and soon I became incredibly depressed as well. To make things worse, she cheated on me with her ex in the beginning and there was a lot of lying and dishonesty. So much so, that it turns out (I only discovered these things recently) that she was a prostitute and that she in fact had never broken up with her ex, until after she broke up with me. 

This was the girl who I put my entire heart and soul into. Naturally as per my first relationship, I saw her as perfect and flawless. That was the image I had of her in my mind and I couldn’t picture anything else, even if the reality didn’t fit that picture. I was so attached to that ideal, I didn’t want to believe anything else. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. I didn’t really care. She was my life-support, my happiness, my everything. All because I didn’t love myself, something which I realise is so important now.

The worst thing is that she never expressed how she truly felt and there were a lot of lies, even between her own friends. She was not open. She would discard me whenever I asked her how she felt. She would just murmur. I feel there was a lot of Stockholm syndrome involved. Though I still wonder to this day, if she actually did care for me or if she just used me. I suppose I’ll never find out. 

Anyway, that put me into a severe depression and for the first time in life, I had a suicidal thought and the daily cycle of self-rejection and worthlessness overcame my every living moment. I would lie in bed, covered in tears, hating myself, asking why it was I couldn’t be with the single girl I loved. This went on for months, up until I discovered that website I talked about earlier. 

I distinctly remember an episode at work where I was on the verge of tears all day and this single thought hit me, which sent me sobbing uncontrollably. I remember thinking: “All I ever wanted was for a girl to love me and I couldn’t even have something as simple as that.” It hurt so much, I just couldn’t take it anymore. I just wanted to die. 

I don’t know, I think you have to hit rock bottom before you can change. In around the same period, I’d broken my arm from overdosing on psychedelics. I remember cops pinning me down and taking me to hospital. That was just the ending. It was a very intense night; there was a serious possibility I could have died, though dare I say it was fun. I actually thought I was going to die. 

Then there was the girl after her, who wasn’t as traumatic, though still bad; built upon a lot of false promises etc. In fact, she just disappeared out of nowhere, even though I had feelings for her and that wasn’t too great either. Come present day and I’ve now just broke up with last girlfriend and you know what? I feel great. In part because it was my first proper relationship and it was honest and lovely, but also because I’ve decided to take responsibility over my own emotions. 

So yes. I was completely destroyed on a psychological level, however I stand here today as a stronger and better person. As difficult as it is for some people to understand, I completely forgive everyone in my life, especially those who have fucked me over and I don’t think blame serves to help anyone. Acceptance is a hard thing for people to get their heads around, however it will save you. I promise.