---
id: "82363639685"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "burn."
summary: "burn."
date: "2014-04-11 06:00:00 GMT"
slug: "burn"
state: "published"
tags: "pain,anger,break up,aggression,hurt,relationship,feelings"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CjGMU5"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82363639685/burn"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

Don’t force it. Don’t reason with it. Don’t even look it in the eye.

Put a fucking knife through that bastard and end it once and for all. Of course, the thoughts split into two and they evolve and become more efficient than your ability to lie and deceive to your own pain, like a slow cancer of the heart.

I’m broken. I feel like my leg has been snapped off in a marathon and I’m barely limping at the starting line. I mean, fuck that shit. I think I’m at the anger stage of my grief. I still haven’t dealt with the fact that my girlfriend broke up with me for another guy. That hurts people. That really fucking hurts and the worst thing yet, is that I have no one to blame. It’s a voluntary affair at best.

I have so many different feelings. I feel sad because she left me, but that also makes me feel angry. I feel lost and hopeless, because she was such an amazing girl and there was nothing wrong with our relationship. I mean, who the fuck just jumps ship because it’s more convenient? The fact is, you’re always going to find someone who’s better, so why even bother with having a relationship in the first place? Somewhere in the mix however, I feel hopeful and optimistic. This is a period of growth. This is period of change and that’s what I do best: fight.

Though I’ve been dealing with it quite well, at least in metric terms. Let me tell ya, I feel like shit on the inside and I’m certainly not crazy functioning at the moment, however I’ve learnt to use my pain to my advantage. I’m working out everyday, stretching and all that nasty shit; I eat ridiculously healthy and I’m even back to my standing desk. Yes. I stand in front of my desk/computer, as I always have. I even installed Linux.

When the pain of heartbreak is so great, you can just about get through anything. I’ll work out to the point that my body is ready to collapse. It makes no difference to me. I don’t even care that I have a hard-body. I just need a release, anything. I love cycling for hours. It’s grow or die: that’s very much how I feel at the moment.

The alternative is to feel hopeless and I will not allow that to happen, which sucks, because I’m not an angry person. I’m generally caring, empathetic, but I have all this aggression that it’s starting to kill me. What’s important is that I don’t confuse this with who I am. This is just a phase. This is me dealing with life.

I’m also avoiding my ex, because she makes me incredibly angry. I seriously feel like smacking that bitch in the face, which obviously isn’t something I’d actually do, but is a reflection of how I feel. So my only option is to weed her out of my life, which honestly, hurts at the same time. I still have feelings for her and she’s such an amazing girl, that I feel so bipolar at the moment.

Fuck. I don’t know. I really do love her, but obviously I can’t do any of that shit, so it fucking sucks.

I need time. I need peace. No one wants to be irrational. No one wants to feel pain. However I’m both of those things I just need time to… who knows at this stage.