---
id: "84815161325"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "c u."
summary: "c u."
date: "2014-05-05 10:54:00 GMT"
slug: "c-u"
state: "published"
tags: "positive,happy,evolution,writing,change,slave,purpose,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1E-OAVj"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84815161325/c-u"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

The buck stops here.

I’m taking some time away from tumblr. Obviously I still love to write, however I refuse to remain a slave any longer. I see no reason for it. The tumbles have no purpose in my life, other than to obscure the very meaning I protrude. These words do not speak and that’s a very profound thing to realise. I don’t want to waste my life away, typing nonsensically for the entertainment of a mere few. These words may be pretty, but they are just that; logic.

I suppose I do this tumble thing to meet people. Oh, and to write. Though if it’s one thing I’ve learnt from my journeys, it’s that you never truly meet anyone. You’re no more or less alone than you were before; the shadow of your refined touch.

I want to grow. I want to learn. I don’t want to be limited by my own fears and beliefs. I’m still young. I still have so much time to change as a person, even more so than I have over the past year. I wish to seize this opportunity and expand like an exponential function into the abyss. 

I’m not ready to write; not yet, not now, not in a million years.

I have too much to live for. So much to explore. More importantly, I’ve decided that I’m no longer going to take my life for granted. Too many people suffer for nothing and here I am, exaggerating a pain which I cannot even describe. No longer.

The fact is, I know how to write. It’s a talent I’ve well secured and honed. However it isn’t a reason to neglect the other facets of my life, simply because I’m obsessed with my own ability to feign emotions.

I’m doing incredibly well as of today. I have a positive mindset that I’m not going to let free so easily. Just about everything I want is under my control: my diet, my health, my intellect, my happiness, my life, my desires; all firmly within my grasp and I’m not going to let it piss down the drain because I fear my own happiness.

This is an opportunity to break free from the cynicism and rid myself of the false justice I so abhor. I’m entirely sick of deluding myself. I’m sick of just about everything and I will not stand for this any longer.

If you’d like to remain in contact, feel free to send me an ask. Fuck, if you’d like to hang out sometime, I’m more than happy to assist.