---
id: "81968988365"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "carnate."
summary: "carnate."
date: "2014-04-07 05:55:00 GMT"
slug: "carnate"
state: "published"
tags: "life,philosophy,poetry,spilled ink,words,creative writing,writing,death,conceptual,psychedelic"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CLku3D"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81968988365/carnate"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

Whisper. Whimper. Whittle. The bright light of glory shines down upon you; the dilapidation of winter forth, eating away gracefully at the particles of your reaction. Your heart drips a lonely red into a pool of our collective filth; slowly manifesting into the real emotions your chemistry desires. Sadness is brewing, in amongst the contemporary nature of your sins. Conception is tearing you apart and shifting your focus. Your eyes see vision like a murderer sees night. Tasty, little lace. 

You gather pace in the process and hints of reality concern your strife. You give it a kiss. Then a smirk. Occasionally the drift overwhelms you and taunts with it’s songs and pretty allocations; the force around you a dark black, consuming the life that you do not deserve. Yet the equilibrium is a hasty sort of fellow; constantly changing his mind and his ideas for what you can and cannot experience. Always receding into the shadows and returning back again, bringing with it each time, a simple distortion that even remarkably trained shifters cannot interpret. 

Holding on. It’s all you can really do. It’s a temporary state which consciousness always eventually loses grasp of. It can fight. It can reinterpret the ideas surrounding it’s conception. However no matter how hard the resistance of your temptation to never let go, the synergy of regret will always strike restless upon a life hat was never so opportune to exist.