---
id: "88430015705"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "clarity."
summary: "clarity."
date: "2014-06-11 01:41:00 GMT"
slug: "clarity"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,recovery,poetry,relationship,happiness,clarity,decency,vulnerable,heart break,support"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1IMrlJP"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/88430015705/clarity"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today I woke up with a revered sense of mental clarity. I didn’t have this overwhelming desire to remain in bed. I wasn’t ready to collaborate with my irrationality. A renewed sense of decency and self-worth had emerged.

Oh, how hard it is to pick oneself up off the ground, as it wallows and shames you into obediency. Listen buddy, the floor ain’t getting any cleaner so why worry about the adversity as it gallantly rapes you? 

I’ll always be a vulnerable man and I cannot admit otherwise. I’ll never be able to change what happened. I’ll always be broken and disregarded over my inability to remain human. The fact is, my trauma is never going to get any easier, but why should that result in a complete break down of my character on a daily basis?

I’m not cured by any stretch of the imagination (as I never have been these past 10 months, despite my rapidly convincing states of delusion) and I think it’s foolish to aim for that sort of blessing. 

I just want to be able to feel my own happiness, not the pain ravaging within. 

I think everyone has some kind of emotional support, be it food or friends and I just want to say, to those already in a meaningful relationship, that you have something amazing which other people don’t. 

I don’t think I’m particularly needy, so much as I’m broken. If it weren’t for all the bad dating/relationship experiences, I doubt I’d be the person I am today. 

When the very thought about that single person makes you instantly happy and they’re there for you when you’re sad or lonely and they can physically hold you and make you feel amazing, I don’t think some people realise how special that is and now I’m crying :( 

I suppose the biggest take away is to be humble and not take your own life for granted. I was thinking about my last relationship and it seems that I always focus on all the negative things, like the fact that she left me for another guy etc. 

Yet when I think about it, I should be focusing on how amazing it was. It was short, but it was one of the most brilliant things I’ve ever experienced and I really shouldn’t complain. She was such an brilliant girl and I guess I’m just incredibly jealous and self-loathing to have lost it all. 

Well, I think I can do better than I have been.