---
id: "87450994445"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "comes."
summary: "comes."
date: "2014-06-01 02:29:47 GMT"
slug: "comes"
state: "published"
tags: "thoughts,independent,insecurity,recovery,mental illness,friends,dating"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HSV4SD"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87450994445/comes"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

What comes up, must come down. 

I understand that I have dependency issues. I also understand that these insecurities are a choice on my behalf. I haven’t been mature enough to let go of my insecurities, because I’m stupid enough to think that given enough time, they’ll eventually go away. It doesn’t work like that. In your mind, it becomes this faulty string of hope which keeps pulling away at your sensibilities, like a never-ending episode of suffering and disaster. 

If you think you’re ugly, no amount of plastic surgery is going to change the way you think. It has to stop right here, right now. I’m slowly killing this beast one tentacle at a time and eventually, my end goal is to leave tumblr, once and for all. 

Hilariously, I’ve had so many opportunities in the past to let go, but every single time, you let the insecurity get the best of you. Every single time, you give it one more damn chance and that’s what’s going to fuck you over repeatedly. 

You’d never hang out with people who rob you, so why the fuck would you give your insecurity another chance? Thus far I’ve…

- I’ve deleted all the games on my phone, as well as my facebook, tumblr and tinder applications. 

- I no longer rely on talking to online strangers for my emotional well-being. 

- I’m much more emotionally stable than I used to be. I don’t go through the extreme manias of my past. 

- I’m embracing and developing passions; language, reading etc.

- Today is day five in beating my pornography addiction.

I’m quite happy with how everything is going. I don’t want to leave anything to chance. I woke up at a decently early hour this morning and I’ve done nothing but study French for a few hours now, which is really great. This is all about honesty. Being honest with your word and placing yourself into a realm of acceptance and forgiveness. Only then can you move on. 

More importantly, I have no regrets. I did what I had to do and in retrospect, I’ll look at these past 9 months as an unprecedented projection of growth… for the rest of my life. Not to mention all the wonderful people I’ve met ^_^