---
id: "85802012435"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "cours."
summary: "cours."
date: "2014-05-15 07:45:58 GMT"
slug: "cours"
state: "published"
tags: "independent,life,inspiration,empowered,girls,depression,change,intellect"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1FwCiyJ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85802012435/cours"
noteCount: "10"
format: "html"
---

I never thought I’d ever have the courage, nor the opportunity to say this, but…. I don’t feel insecure about women any more. It doesn’t concern me whether I have a girlfriend or not. It’s not a big deal and it never will be.

I don’t care if there’s a hot girl who I can’t have. I just don’t. Tease me. I dare you. I almost feel like I’ve become a man in a sense. Independent. Dystopian. 

So you’ve got a massive rack, ey? Good for you. Intellect. That’s what I value. A girl who can write me poetry and make me feel special with her words. Someone who’s open-minded. Furthermore, you know the best thing about having desires for girls that just aren’t there for the picking?

I get to explore the cherish the person sitting in this chair; something which I should have taken to a long time ago. I have myself. That’s all I’ll ever need. I’ve got a body and a mind. Good. Not to mention, I work out and my body looks splendid, thank you very much.

I’m quite excited, because I had a moment of inspiration and I haven’t felt quite this empowered in a very long time. I’m going to start making videos again. I’m going to get my writing out there in journals and online publications.

I used to be a comedian of sorts. I had a very successful podcast. I was getting 800 downloads a day at my peak. My youtube channel was decent, it had 2,000+ subscribers. My most successful video got 100,000+ views.

Yet something changed in me. The passion died and I thought it was never going to see the glory days again. I thought I was finished. I thought I was done.

No.

I will not die.

You know the best thing? I’m no longer depressed. This is going to be one hell of a ride.

….aaaaaaaaand now it’s time to read a book!