---
id: "84001084470"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "cynic."
summary: "cynic."
date: "2014-04-27 08:36:00 GMT"
slug: "cynic"
state: "published"
tags: "defeated,love,relationships,insecurity,cynical,hurt,women"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EEsjGs"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84001084470/cynic"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I was very, very angry earlier. In fact, I wrote this incredible post that really captured the way I feel, however I don’t think I’m going to stoop that low. I want to save at least a little face.

Regardless of my talents, you’re currently reading the words of a defeated man.

I don’t think I care to put up with women any longer. I don’t know if my heart can take it.

You could say that I’m now a cynic, which I suppose is no worse than being insecure. Simply a different flavour of misogyny. You could say they’re two sides of the same coin.

I don’t think I’m that beaten yet. I don’t think I’ll allow myself to be so battered that I cry in my sleep. I’ve done well so far and I know I can do it again. I just need time.

I want to love. Everyone does. I’m so desperate to experience my own euphoria, so crazy for something I don’t have, that I’m willing to destroy myself just to murmur the pain inside my heart. 

That’s okay.

I don’t want to hurt anyone. Least of all myself.

You can’t force love. You can’t force a girl not to be insecure. It’s hard enough trying to find a girl with the same insecurities, let alone one’s that compliment mine.

When you think about it, that’s what love is. Insecurity. Perhaps your boyfriend was a real dick to you. Maybe he was the best thing ever, but he tragically died in a car crash; each result lending towards a different kind of girl.

Variables. Lust. Epona.

I’m probably going to watch porn for the next hour or so.

Enjoy.