---
id: "83873288157"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "dashing."
summary: "dashing."
date: "2014-04-26 02:22:44 GMT"
slug: "dashing"
state: "published"
tags: "music,struggle,depression,coping,genre,anthony green,circa survive,artist vs poet,heart break,delusion,suffering,emotions,crippled"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1E7FC-T"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83873288157/dashing"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

On the outside I’m this confident, dashing young man. I’m very fit. I could probably grab you by the throat, pin you down and rape you senseless, as your children cry in fear and suicide before your very eyes. Not that I have that sort of power. It’s all in my mind.

I’m the kind of guy who’ll tear himself apart on the inside just to function with one eye. When a girl breaks my heart, I can’t take the courage to lash out at anyone, including myself. I slowly degrade into the reality which nature cannot handle.

On the inside I’m nothing more than an emotionally crippled man with a pen in his hand and a knife in his heart. The silly curves are a farce to the paradigm shattered ten levels deep inside my soul.

The words are my delusion. You are all witnessing one big character in disguise of the pain and suffering my torment displays audaciously.

I’m virtually useless without my wit. It is as much a coping mechanism as it is a talent. You really don’t want to be me.

I’ve noticed that I listen a wide range of musical genres, yet I could never quite pin down what my particular style was all about. I seem to love most kinds of music.

That is, music relating to heart break.

Circa survive are genius at portraying emotional pain. Anthony Green is one of my musical idols. One of my favourite bands is Artist vs. Poet. Most people haven’t heard of them, yet I listen to their music religiously. In particular, their album favourite fix. So much so, that I listen to it at least 2/3 times a day, from beginning to end. 

To me it’s the perfect album. It describes dealing with struggle (particularly heart break) so perfectly well and the hilarious thing is that it’s positive music. It’s uplifting power pop / pop punk and I love it, I love it, I love it. I think this album deserves it’s own post. 

In reality it’s music written for 14 year olds. I guess that says a lot about who I am.