---
id: "82948737329"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day 17."
summary: "day 17."
date: "2014-04-17 01:26:21 GMT"
slug: "day-17"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,hot,nofap,abstinence,masturabtion,porn,emotions,negative"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DG8Kan"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82948737329/day-17"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I may of tread a very fine line last night.

So I’m talking to Queensland girl and Jesus, she’s the most horny girl I’ve ever talked to. In fact, most girls I talk to aren’t really that obsessed with sex, but this girl is constantly contacting me to talk dirty to her and make her cum and all this, which is fine, but obviously that makes me ridiculously horny. All the while, I’m trying to abstain from orgasm. Not an easy gig at all. 

So we’re chatting away as per usual and I was ridiculously horny (as you can imagine after 17 days no orgasm) and she convinced me to masturbate to her, so I did. Soon that turned into porn and boy, I cannot even begin to describe how good that felt. I certainly got close to the edge and it even got to the point where I looked at the video and nearly orgasmed without even touching myself (I had to quickly shut the tab). However I ended up stopping myself and made the sensible decision not to cum. 

Anyway, I was reading this girl’s blog earlier and I had this epiphany moment. She wrote a lot about her own self-doubt, self-rejection and how lonely she felt, as well as the general ups and downs of life. It them hit me: this is exactly how I was like when I used to orgasm. No confidence. Inadequate. Jealous. Cynical. The whole range of negative feelings which plague our realm.

Now I have a consistent happiness and sense of well being that’s difficult to describe without experiencing the contrast. I would call it a love for life. 

One thing I’ve noticed since quitting is that girls are a lot more receptive to you in person. There’s this girl at work and she’s nice, but we don’t really have any relation and we’ve never talked to each other despite both having worked there one year. Only recently has she started approaching me, even to the extent of giving my nicknames, which I find incredibly weird.

Also, girls look at you more. It’s great if you’re a guy. Try your best ladies. Your breasts are no longer threat to my emotional security. 

The problem with masturbation is that you become so tempted within the moment that it feels “right”. It feels so ridiculously good, that the negative fallout gets shoved aside for that ultimate feeling of release. One thing I’ve also consistently discovered through out my life is that when you’re healthy and happy, you don’t quite realise how much better things are UNTIL you go back to your old ways. It’s been 17 days and I don’t really remember what it’s like to be on orgasm again. However I DO remember thinking this thought last time I relapsed, “Fuck me, this is terrible, why on earth did I give in?" 

So I shall remain strong and remain true to my plan. I shall only orgasm for sex and special sex, I hope.

Don’t get me wrong. If a random stranger asked me right now to fuck in the bathroom stalls, I would be there in a jiffy. It’s just so…

It’s just so hard. Can you imagine giving up orgasm for months at a time? I mean, fuck. Vegans say they have a hard time. Ummm, no. I don’t consume refined sugar, I have a standing desk blah, blah, blah. You’re not trying to battle a primal urge; you’re still eating. I’m trying to control a biological program here. Orgasm is by far the hardest addiction I’ve had to break. 

Ugh, I really want to have sex, but I don’t at the same time. I’m torn between short term temptation and long term well being. At least if I go on a nice date with a girl and then have the steamy sex afterwards, I can treat it as an experience; an orgasm worth having. It then becomes more than just ejaculation. 

But touching myself at home? Probably not worth the repercussions.