---
id: "81388195916"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day one."
summary: "day one."
date: "2014-04-01 13:48:00 GMT"
slug: "day-one"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,nofap,love,dopamine,addiction,abstinence,masturbation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Bp7L1C"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81388195916/day-one"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m going to try and give up orgasm again. Things just haven’t felt the same since I went back into the routine of sexual release. Stopping was probably one of the best things I did for myself. The amount of personal power it gives you in the way of how you feel about yourself - biologically, neurologically, as well as in the way you feel about others, is simply extraordinary beyond words. I irrationally jumped back onto the bandwagon (as you do in times of desperation, in order to feel “regular” during your slump) and it’s just been terrible since then, so now now I’m going to commit to abstinence, once again. 

…yes, you’re probably staring at me like I’m some kind of alien; some sort of creature devoid of sensibility. But I promise it’s for the best. 

Amongst other things, it stops you from viewing women as basic fuck objects. You begin treating them as human beings with feelings and potential (I know, right!?). It no longer becomes about sex and getting your dick wet. It becomes about flirt and emotions; how you can conjure chemistry to it’s best effect and embrace the emotions flowing from your heart. It opens you up to people, not simply as a release to blow your load onto their chest, but as a person to develop a connection with. 

Quite naturally, few people want to be cunts, but when you’re screwing around with the basic neurochemistry in your brain, the results will always be inevitable. 

I was going really well - probably a month and a bit into abstinence, but then I met Laura and that’s when I started getting laid and where things began to fall apart. In the beginning, me and Laura would be really cute together; appreciating the time we harbored together with a magical specificity. Now we kinda just wanna fuck and straight afterwards, there’s this feeling of emptiness, as to say: “Please get away from me. You’re no longer useful to me and I just want to spend some time alone." 

I’ve read a lot of material on the subject and orgasm is one of the primary concerns for divorce, believe it or not. The hard part is that it takes two weeks until dopamine levels return to baseline after orgasm, so it’s a struggle until then, because in order to satisfy that temporary itch, you have to orgasm, which sets you back to point blank. There are ways to make it easier, but I suppose it’s a challenge and it’s something you have to embrace. How bad are you willing to fight for your sanity? 

That’s the problem with addictive mechanisms. The pursuit for your next "high” is never enough and you end up feeling drained and unsatisfied. Yet it’s not until you recover from these addictive mechanisms (be it sugar, drugs or pornography), do you realise how much better it is to be stable and embracing. So. Much. Better. 

I’m not giving myself a choice this time. 

I will succeed.