---
id: "81973496655"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day seven."
summary: "day seven."
date: "2014-04-07 07:24:00 GMT"
slug: "day-seven"
state: "published"
tags: "orgasm,masturbation,nofap,addiction,ejaculate,sex,porn"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CM04jF"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81973496655/day-seven"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

It’s starting to become a struggle now. I’ve been having urges all day and it’s pretty much all I can think about. I was at the shops earlier and you’d see a girl and you’d like “whoa. dats purdy.” I swear, everyone just looks incredibly hot when you haven’t touched yourself in a while, especially compared to the high standards that porn portray. I could probably masturbate to an arm at this rate and get away with it. 

I’m not sure when I want to ejaculate again, but I suspect it’ll probably be when I have sex next. Then again, I wouldn’t mind continuing this for a few months; another week at the very least. Even then, I can just avoid orgasm during sex, which I’ll be honest, I’ve yet to actually do successfully, cause you stay on the edge for ages (which mind you, feels amazing) but then even if you manage to stop yourself on time, you get ridiculously horny the next day and you end up touching yourself anyway. 

A big part of it for me is having control over your biology. I think most people couldn’t go a week without porn/masturbation/orgasm. Though with that in mind, I was quite bad and I remember when I was a lot younger, I was doing it three times a day and even now, porn is so amazing compared to sex, though definitely I prefer sex more now. 

Sex is just special. Hell, it’s with another person and to me, it’s very much an event, like going to the movies or whatever. It’s probably only because I lost my virginity 8 months ago and I only just experienced regular sex over the past 2 months, so the whole thing is still very exciting and new for me. There’s so many different things I still want to experience sexually with another person and I feel I’ve only scratched the surface. I’ve been through the drug phase and I can happily say I’ve done my fair share of drugs, though not quite sex. OMG sex + drugs. yes. 

But refraining from orgasm gives you one thing that no one else has: power over who you are. At this point, my own orgasm becomes special to me, because it’s something I’m saving up and I know the longer I save it, the better it’s going to feel. It also means I won’t just want to have sex with anyone: I want to have sex with someone special and that’s something I’m purely deciding, not the other person.

In a sense, I have more reason not to orgasm now, ever than I did before.