---
id: "81477234979"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day two."
summary: "day two."
date: "2014-04-02 10:44:00 GMT"
slug: "day-two"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,pornography,addiction,nofap,abstinence,masturbation,coolidge effect"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BuQ-4Z"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81477234979/day-two"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Today was smooth runnings. I didn’t have any urges to masturbate or watch porn, probably because I’ve become so prone to giving up and I’m no longer crazy addicted to pornography as I used to be, though it’s only fair to see it as a gradual process. 

It seriously took eight or nine tries over the span of a few years before I could successfully quit pornography/masturbation for a prolonged period of time. Fuck, it’s just that porn is so good. Though I will admit, I was quite chronic. I was the kind of person who would scroll through 20 - 30 videos, just out of novelty, because that registered more enjoyable than the orgasm itself (which let’s be honest, feels shit after doing it every day for a majority of your life).

It’s a little thing called the Coolidge effect. Basically if a male rat fucks the same partner again and again, it takes longer to cum each time. However if you introduce a new partner, the rat can keep fucking for a very long time, in the same short duration it takes to cum each time. 

What happens is that each new rat registers as a novel partner i.e. a new fertile opportunity, which kicks the libido into gear for some extra fucking. That’s why the prospect of going through so many videos felt so rewarding. Even if I found an amazing video to masturbate to, it didn’t matter to me. It was in fact the search for an even better video, which really pleasured my reward circuitry.

You can thank your genes for that.

It’s also the reason why partners tire of each other and divorce rates are so high - too much orgasm. I began reading some literature on the effects of orgasm/pornography on the brain/relationships and that was enough motivation to give me the edge to kick this nasty habit. It ain’t easy, which is why I’ve been back on the damn thing, but I’ve successfully done it to the point where the transition back to abstinence isn’t as difficult as it could be. 

The best thing about giving up, is that you desensitise yourself to pornography and the most subtle of features begin to turn you on. Like, you’ll see a girl in public with a nice dress and that will make you horny.

If you can’t take a good week off masturbation without struggling, then you’re most likely addicted. I certainly don’t blame you.