---
id: "81575907836"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day three."
summary: "day three."
date: "2014-04-03 11:06:00 GMT"
slug: "day-three"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,masturbation,nofap,abstinence,challenge,addiction,pornography"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1B_JP7y"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81575907836/day-three"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

Today was easy. Zero urges to touch myself and I doubt this facade to stop orgasm over the next two weeks will be very difficult at all (though it was near impossible in the beginning, when I first tried to stop a few years ago). I’ve successfully done it in the past and I know exactly what to do to get past all the barriers, so I’m by no means worried. Ultimately, It’s all comes down to the attitude you employ and perspective you embrace. If you have the right attitude, you can just about accomplish anything. Of course, that requires an intricate understanding of the mechanisms which accompany the human mind, but I’ve spend the past few years getting that down pat, so viva la wisdom, as no one is collective human history has possibly said. ever. 

When you stop ejaculating and watching porn, you begin to notice a few things about yourself and others. Basic human features begin to turn you on and you really pay attention to the styles people employ. The simplicity of a hairline. The outline of a dress. Soon, your vision becomes an ambiguity of beauty, waiting to be unraveled by your active consciousness. Yet there’s something mystical about the whole thing. It’s oddly sexually, yet not reminiscent of the dirty kind of attraction that demands I shove my cock in your mouth and gag you in front of a bus full of teenage high school students. 

It’s the opposite to sexual frustration; like a heightened appreciation for the visual aesthetics of life, as opposed to the purely sexual. Don’t get me wrong, I still want to fuck like crazy, but I ultimately feel in-control of myself. I don’t have the urge to fuck and it’s apparent in the way I view women, simply because I’m not influenced by the pursuit of orgasm. It also means that I don’t necessarily have place all my attention on the hot girl in the room with the massive cleavage. It means I can appreciate the finer subtly of human endeavor; behavior quirks, insecurities, fashions etc. Everyone is beautiful in their own right. 

It also means I can harbor my sexual energy and use it to promote myself in different contexts. I don’t have to drain myself via ejaculation. I can be productive with my pursuits and extrude confidence into my realm. It’s odd, but once you stop masturbating, it gives you so much more confidence to approach women. I don’t know how to describe it, but it’s simply amazing. There’s no worry about the outcome, because they’re just another human being, much like you. Not some kind of potential hoe to fuck. 

I feel that abstinence forces your mind into creating different neural pathways of meaning. Now that I’m no longer fixated on fucking, it becomes a struggle to rediscover your circumstance; to discover different ways in which one can savior and worship their lust.

Life just feels better through the eyes of clarity. You see the absolute beauty in everything and you’re more appreciative of the variety nature exerts. I mean, don’t get me wrong. Like, some girls aren’t great looking (duh) and I’m certainly not immediately turned on by everything. I still have those particular traits that turn me on (omg, girls with blushes), but at least I’m not so quick to play the “I want to fuck you” card. 

Yet when you think about it even further, beyond orgasm, it doesn’t really make sense to have sex outside of conception. We play a very dangerous game when we fuck, because via orgasm, we mess with our genes via the chemicals in our brain. I could spend the next hour writing about the effects of orgasm in the brain, but let me tell ya. It ain’t pretty.