---
id: "82571262741"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day 12."
summary: "day 12."
date: "2014-04-13 11:43:00 GMT"
slug: "day-12"
state: "published"
tags: "booty call,sex,masturbation,porn,casual,addiction,nofap,orgasm,snapchat"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CveNiL"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82571262741/day-12"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

So it’s been a two weeks since I last orgasmed, watched porn, masturbated etc. and I think that’s quite an effort. I’m forgoing orgasm for a number of reasons, however I’m sure you can read my prior entries to discover why.

Anyway, so I’m chatting with that booty call girl over kik and we’re both super keen to try things. A lot of things. Like, pretty much everything. Naughty stuff in public. The works. Hell, she likes anal, though I’m happy just to be cute and affectionate with her. Dinner dates :3

I really don’t know why most girls don’t do this more often. I think too many people get so caught up with wanting to develop a connection with someone, that they completely ignore their primal needs - the desire to have casual fun and it doesn’t even have to be sexual.

Like, literally, all she did was read my blog, like what I wrote, sent me a snapchat of her masturbating and wham! Now we’re talking about all sorts of things.

The good thing in making it purely sexual from the beginning, is that it cuts straight to the chase and nothing is really awkward. It’s honest and it feels like a more comfortable relationship in that sense. Sure, it’s probably not going to become gf/bf territory or blossom into a relationship, however let’s talk about our kinks and sexual desires. In a sense, I feel that all this stuff should be sorted out in the beginning anyway, otherwise it could get weird later. Gee, it depends on the person. It really does.

Of course, the problem is that she lives in NSW and she was just in Melbourne visiting, so that’s kinda gay. Though we’re super keen, so I can imagine she’s going to come back or maybe I could even go over there…. excellent. It’s fun without the commitment. I mean, why worry about the future, when you can just explore each other for you who are? Surely that’s true love and appreciation?

So. To the point of the story. She wanted a naughty pic earlier, so I thought, ey, I may as well watch some porn and wow: when you haven’t been exposed to pornography for a while, it seriously hits you hard. No wonder people are so addicted to masturbation. It felt like heroin. Seriously.

I’m glad I don’t have to masturbate and I have control over my reward circuitry. I feel proud :)