---
id: "82378067317"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day 10."
summary: "day 10."
date: "2014-04-11 12:08:00 GMT"
slug: "day-10"
state: "published"
tags: "orgasm,nofap,sex,ejaculation,masturbation,addiction,stop,end"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Ck7Orr"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82378067317/day-10"
noteCount: "7"
format: "html"
---

So, it’s weird.

I have no real desire to touch myself or even ejaculate. I would go as far as to say that porn seems grotesque to me. The idea of masturbation seems pointless. It doesn’t even enter my mind.

The only real time is when I wake with morning wood and I’ll be dry humping the bed and OH GOD, it feels so fucking good. Imagine the first time you masturbated. That’s how intense it feels and as I further desensitize, it’ll just get better and better and better…

Man, I don’t think I ever want to orgasm again. I don’t know how to say this without sounding completely alien, but everything just feels better. More energy. It’s like a shroud of haze has been lifted from my mind. Certainly more confidence, oh gee. It’s like I can just talk to a girl without caring about the outcome. I mean, I don’t even want to fuck girls any more, I just want to get to know them as people. Now THAT is weird. 

I’d probably only want to fuck a girl if she knew how to tease me really well or was ridiculously good at sex or was incredibly hot or if I were in love with them. Other than that, I have no real reason to get my dick wet. I mean, orgasm feels good, but better than how I feel now with all the long term benefits? I highly doubt it.

Occasionally I’ll get horny, but I’ve discovered a really great technique at putting an end to sexual desire. Basically, you relax your entire body and you imagine the sexual energy from your privates, going back into your body, as if you’re redirecting your sexual energy back into your body. It sounds like some Hindu shit, cause folks, it fuckin’ is. Works every time.

This is great. This is really fucking awesome.