---
id: "83257014257"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day 20."
summary: "day 20."
date: "2014-04-20 01:38:00 GMT"
slug: "day-20"
state: "published"
tags: "orgasm,flirt,seduction,porn,masturbation,addiction,nofap,love,relationships,hook up,liar,lonely,sex,manipulation"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DYWJVn"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83257014257/day-20"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

You flirt with a whole bunch of girls you don’t like, just so you can distract yourself long enough to forget the loneliness you’ve subconsciously cultivated like fire. 

Gee, there’s a lot of context I feel necessary to provide, though I wouldn’t want to expose myself unnecessarily. Another post for another time. That’s right folks! You guessed it. I’m a big fat liar and it’s only through regret that I learn. Welcome to my collection of petty lies and false horoscopes; the thoughts which serve to unbutton your clothes and leave you longing for more…

I am the warmth which your heart desires, if only because I sold you the idea in your mind that the coat of your personality is wholly inadequate for your own needs. 

I made a very, very poor decision two nights ago and I have the need to share it with everyone. In fact, I would have earlier, if I weren’t so infatuated with my own emotions. Agitation. Sadness. Anxiety.

No, I didn’t orgasm.

Thank god.

However, I couldn’t stop watching porn and masturbating. I was ridiculously horny and it was truly terrible. Though that’s aside from the point. As a result, I was so desperate to have sex that I hooked up with a girl over tumblr who I had no intention of loving. I didn’t find her physically attractive. Her intelligence didn’t do anything for me. In fact, I felt dumber talking to her. It’s as if I lured her in with a fake $100 note on a piece of string, only to discover that the prank had turned all too real.

I feel like such an idiot.

The flirt was beyond simple. If you give me and easy target, I’ll give you an easy result. I was driven by an intense lust. I was desperate enough to say anything to just hear them say ‘yes’.

Now don’t get me wrong. I sold it as a casual hook up and that’s perfectly fine. I was completely respectful in the way I handled it. I just never really wanted to have sex with her; only to fulfil the desperation from within my heart.

It’s made me realise how significant our emotions are. When you haven’t felt something in such a long time, you forget to realise that it’s even real. Yet once you rediscover it again, it adds a whole different meaning to your life.

Value. 

I want to cherish someone who has the ability to make me feel special, simply by their thought alone. I remember being able to sit alone, dazed unconscious by idea of my first girlfriend. She was my mind, my feelings and more.

Sex feels insignificant compared to the feeling of love and that was something I lost sight of.

Everything’s fine now. I’m not thinking about orgasm any more. I’m not watching porn. I’m back in the driver’s seat and the car is only slightly dinted (which considering I’d slammed into a tree, ran over a few school children and drove it off a cliff, is quite remarkable indeed) 

I really hope she responds soon. I feel so silly.