---
id: "83599819089"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "dead."
summary: "dead."
date: "2014-04-23 07:02:05 GMT"
slug: "dead"
state: "published"
tags: "death,poetry,spilled ink"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Dsy05H"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83599819089/dead"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I feel dead.

I don’t think I’m dead, but I feel dead. Dead enough that it hurts to feel. The pain of being dead hurts no more than being alive, so I suppose I’d rather be dead. At least then I won’t have to worry about living. Why would I want to live anyway? Living sucks. Living is just a perpetual cycle of death and I’m sick of living and dying all at the same time. Though really, I feel stuck in-between the two worlds. Everything feels like a sick haze of perversion, only I’m the one doing the watching.

I’m your sick little pervert. 

You do it for the hope that you may live longer than you die. But life hates me and so death keeps rearing it’s ugly head. It’s the worst thing I’ve ever felt.

You live because you don’t have a choice. When you’re dead, there’s very little else to die for. Yet in-spite of the illogic, the pain of living becomes so great, that you’d still rather be dead, even though deep-down-inside you have the desire to live. Otherwise you wouldn’t be having these thoughts. It’d be impossible.

I’m strong. I’m not quite dead, though I’m sure it’d do wonders for my ego at this stage; to simply fall to the floor and forget the misery of my surroundings. 

I embrace the surrounding death, because it fills my air with meaning.

Hold me down and rape me.

Please. I have nothing left to lose.