---
id: "83706174396"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "delusion."
summary: "delusion."
date: "2014-04-24 10:03:00 GMT"
slug: "delusion"
state: "published"
tags: "delusion,change,mental health,mental disorder,self-awareness,illness,depression,help"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DzHjky"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83706174396/delusion"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

charliehalter It’s very interesting indeed. All mental illnesses are basic delusion and 99% of people (with or without delusion) are not even aware of what delusion is. They think it’s normal. So naturally, they find further delusions to combat their current hysteria, which only further serves to strengthen their current insanity. That’s precisely why I preach self-awareness. Delusion is not the answer. A clear mind will set you free.

Just one day ago I was hopelessly obsessed with a girl I’d never even met. Today I’m the complete opposite. I stand independent, when I should be an emotional wreck. This is very strong stuff and it has the power to completely change who you are almost instantly. Once you recognise the lies in your own logic, things literally break apart at the seams. It only takes one epiphany to change a state of mind, even delusion which has been set into motion for years. Happiness is a natural state of mind, but people are so far out of it that they don’t even know who they are any more.

The difficult part is recognising delusion, because obviously it is a severe disposition in one’s thoughts and only the recipient can do that.

I derive my main teachings from this website: www.pathwaytohappiness.com I know it sounds new age as fuck, but it’s mental clarity at it’s finest. If everyone was self-aware, you’d have no more anger, no more negativity, just pure commitment to the present moment. Of course, delusion produces more delusion so go figure.

Though the author was actually a student of Don Miguel Ruiz and his book The Four Agreements goes hand in hand with the website. It certainly changed my life and it transcends well beyond religion and ideology.

It’s an understanding of the way the mind works without making any assumptions. It is psychological gold.