---
id: "81562667180"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "delusion."
summary: "delusion."
date: "2014-04-03 05:34:07 GMT"
slug: "delusion"
state: "published"
tags: "tumblr,anger,emotions,feelings,delusion,feminism,happiness,advice,depression,understanding,insanity,nature"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BzWuYi"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81562667180/delusion"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

It’s interesting to observe the various delusions on tumblr and how different people react to their circumstance.

Anger is a big theme on tumblr (a prominent learned behavior since birth, that is designed to control outcomes, people, themselves etc.) which is especially employed towards the male gender, though in a lot of cases is also used for self-rejection. When people are under pressure, they generally find it difficult to actually look into themselves and take responsibility, so people naturally seek a scapegoat to answer to all their problems. For some people it’s feminism. For others it’s socialism or some other kind of ideology to quench their thirst for emotional security. There’s a reason why 100% of woman aren’t feminist and not everyone believes in some form of deity. A very simple case of perspective vs reality. 

It always seems to be someone’s fault, be it themselves or others. Yet fault never produced responsibility. Fault produces negativity, because it’s trying to account for why your perspective does not fit reality. Blame never solved the issue of accountability. It has only served to exaggerate the truth with the irrationality of your emotional outburst. 

Anger becomes the religion of choice for most people (just as fear is the primary mechanism for most traditional religions). It helps explains in their mind, why circumstances feel so bad (mind you, purely their perception), even if the reasons themselves may not be true, nor even borne in reality. It expresses the soul in a way that is determined, yet cannot be proved emotionally wrong. When you feel something, it’s bound to be true, right?

There’s a reason why I don’t get angry and don’t overreact to the world around me (and trust me, I’ve been fucked around beyond belief). The reason is because I take responsibility for my reality, no matter how bad it may seem. I’ve lent out hundreds upon hundreds of dollars that I’m never going to see back. Forgiven. Manipulative women who have blatantly cheated and lied to me, putting me into a severe state of depression. Forgiven. 

It all starts with forgiveness and acceptance, which isn’t an easy thing for most people to do. To accept yourself and your circumstance, is to say that you’ve been wrong about yourself this entire time, which some people cannot fathom, because they even fear the consequences of themselves. So they build their delusion ever higher, until the negativity consumes them completely. They fear their own belief system - the very monster they have conjured.

So instead of blaming yourself or others, when was the last time you forgave yourself and accepted your own reality? Only once you have a clear view of your reality, will you then have the power to change it. Saying to yourself over and over again “why can’t I be with my ex?” doesn’t change anything, it only validates your rejection of reality. There’s a reason why I don’t have mental illness anymore. I strived to think outside of the box - the holy box of my own delusion. 

Nature is your friend and happiness is your choice, if ever you so choose.