---
id: "84593067615"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "don't."
summary: "don't."
date: "2014-05-03 06:12:30 GMT"
slug: "dont"
state: "published"
tags: "hitler,bitch,fuck buddy,casual sex,friends,sex,poetry,madness,illusion"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Eo8yPV"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84593067615/dont"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

Don’t look at me. Don’t talk to me.

If you see me.

Don’t.

Just. Do. Not. 

It’s all one gigantic haze of illusion; the sweet scent of mockery bleeding silly into my false reality of lost hope and projected madness. A timid scarecrow eats away silently into a haystack of grey. The proposed mechanisms have no face to save in a world booming exponentially; the dark arts of squander. The misery dies and in it’s place; the universe is borne into a palette of pure hatred. Old man. 

I learnt a very important lesson last night.

Fuck sex. Fuck sex. Fuck sex.

Get friends. Get friends. Get friends.

Bitches are a prominent breed.

Get Friends.

Fuck sex.

Get Friends. Fuck sex.

Bitches are your breed motherfucker.

So, to clarify. 

We get friends, then we fuck sex. If we’ve successfully managed to fuck sex off and into a one dimension plane, then the tireless work of obtaining a friend is INDEED.

I will not repeat myself; I am but petty to these words.

Last night…. okay, so basically I secured a so-called “fuck buddy” over the past few day and my god. No, your god. I need your better, more substantial god. pronto. 

We decided to have a Skype chat. 

Thank god.

Gee kids, I didn’t know a Hitler reincarnation was overdue. Cyborg, tumblr girl Hitler. She’s this pissed off, cynical bitch, who just… we don’t click at all. I don’t think we ever did, however the idea of sex binds you like a concubine fuck.

Hilariously, she doesn’t even know what the word cynical means. What on earth was I thinking?

Though don’t worry. I have much to say. Soon.

I’m just at home on a lunch break. Look out for my next post entitled “hitler”. It should be a real doozy. woozy. boozy.

I have to leave now, however I’ll get to all your messages soon ^^