---
id: "86298644190"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "dynamic."
summary: "dynamic."
date: "2014-05-20 10:42:00 GMT"
slug: "dynamic"
state: "published"
tags: "sexism,feminism,sex,abuse,desperate,perspective,article,women,men,debate,issue,technology,rant,opinion"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GNpCxU"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86298644190/dynamic"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

It’s an interesting dynamic we’ve got going on here, at least in terms of heterosexual partnerships.

On the one hand, you have the snobs who harass women. Desperate, needy men who are so sexually frustrated and incapable of seducing the opposite sex, that they resort to abusing and releasing their negativity upon these succumbing bushes of grace. Once physical, twice the wrong. 

On the other hand, you have women, now turned hardcore feminist, who under the guise of their almighty god, will do anything to reject the notion of “our man" and put a cog on the whole debate of pleasure and conformity. Women so incredibly traumatised by their own intimate experiences, that they see grey where white once shone before them. 

I’m quite adamant that neither party are truly happy. No amount of hate can result in truly being "happy” (which is to say, a valid expression of love, not FEAR) and insecurity is a whole different beast of it’s own. No one wants to feel inferior, simply because they can’t “get some”. 

Sure, you don’t NEED to be in a relationship to be functioning, however it’s a subconscious desire for most; to be loved by another human being… preferably one with a vagina or penis, depending on your own preference. 

In effect, it’s a sort of vicious whirlpool. 

The guys aren’t getting any, so they become even more desperate and irrational, which results in girls becoming even more uptight and afraid. 

I think it’s inherently sexist that guys are expected to chase women. Never in my life has a woman ever approached me. If women truly want equality, then it’s going to take a lot of strength to break down traditional social norms. Though, not every woman is a feminist and not every single one of them has had a bad experience. However that’s hardly relevant to the post at hand.

Progressive notions are a disease. Get it in your head. 

Ask yourself if society is any happier than it was in the past. Take away your iPhones, your music, your portable TV shows and NOW ask yourself on how you intend to continue the misdemeanor running free within your mind.

Technology is a coping mechanism.

….and you’re barely coping. 

^_^