---
id: "86099218220"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "express."
summary: "express."
date: "2014-05-18 11:55:00 GMT"
slug: "express"
state: "published"
tags: "exercise,philosophy,gratitude,work out,body,attitude,positive,heart,proud,sentiment,thoughts,calm,humble"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GBwSyi"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86099218220/express"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

Push it. You gotta push.

I do this thing where I ride my bike to the 24/7 Kmart near me. The bike has no seat, so I cannot sit down. It probably takes me a good 15 minutes of non-stop cycling. I push it as hard and as fast as my body will allow. Naturally I’ve been cycling for a while, so I have all the gears on their highest setting and it gives me incredible speed. There’s something magical about riding intensely through the night, as Anthony Green sings you into liberation. I would call it a liberating sort of feeling; the night wind across your face… lovely. 

I suppose I see it as an expression of gratitude; making the most of my opportunity. Making the most of my body which I express such little gratitude for. I have legs and arms, so I’m going to use them. I’m going to treat them with respect. I see this as way of reinforcing a positive attitude in my life

A way of fighting back. Never assume that the insecurity gets easier, because it has only been taught to take.

I’m working out most days now. I do everything. Push ups. Squats. Those arm things. I honesty have no idea what any of those movements are called, but I can perform them for you. I do three sets of 10 - 15, depending on the exercise. There’s around ten exercises and it usually takes me an hour and a half to complete. After I’ve finished my regime, I eat a banana, some Greek Yogurt and this special curry which has a sufficient amount of nutriments to carry me forward. It’s a very mechanical, though rewarding system of function.

I want to have this hot-as-fuck body. I mean, I’m already fairly ripped right now, however I want to be tumblr ripped. I want girls to drool over me. Of course, I like the intrigue and the sense of entitlement my body provides. Only a few people will have the privilege to see my hot body; the friends and loved ones I care so much about.

I don’t want to take my life for granted any more. I want to thank it for the opportunity.

I read books now. I love reading. Unlike writing, it makes you humble. Calm. I think it’s important to listen to what other people have to say, because it’s a skill we all often forget. That’s why I write a lot less now than I did before.

I’m dating this wonderful girl. I honestly couldn’t be any more pleased with who she is and who she’s helping me become. It feels healthy. I feel so proud.

Of course, it’s also important to remain humble and diligent. I know, I certainly don’t practice this as much as I should, however that doesn’t stop me from trying. I’m still young. I have a good heart; I think we all do, even in times of desperation. I still have an extraordinary amount of knowledge to learn until I become a man, however I’ve taken myself on this journey and it’s something I’m proud of.

I understand that your attitude can be just as easily provided as it can be taken away. I’ve fucked myself over enough times to realise this. I make the same mistakes over and over again, but that’s okay. I forgive myself. So from now on, I will try my very best to live each and every single day as if it were my last.

Now then, let’s go have some dinner and study some French.