---
id: "83702133915"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "falter."
summary: "falter."
date: "2014-04-24 08:03:00 GMT"
slug: "falter"
state: "published"
tags: "bliss,grateful,happiness,love,crazy,delusion,addict,drug,relationship,cherish,life,self-awareness"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Dz2JIR"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83702133915/falter"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I feel amazing. Certainly grateful.

It doesn’t bother me that she’s disappeared. Not even in the slightest. It would have been nice to be in a relationship or dating at the very least, but then again, so would have winning the lottery. Though until I win the lottery, I’m not going to go berserk over the idea of being a millionaire simply having bought the ticket. That’s just crazy talk.

It’s so hard to see things clearly when you’re so entirely deluded by your own insecurity. It’s like putting crack in front of a drug addict’s eyes. He’ll do just about anything to lick the packaging, even though it’s not yet in his possession. It’s the anticipation which drives the addiction, the adrenaline rushing through his blood; the euphoria which exceeds the administration itself.

I still have a desire to be in a stable relationship however the idea no longer affects the way I feel about myself. That’s not to say I’m not equally as vulnerable as in recent comings, however there’s something dramatically different about the way I feel. I can think clearly again. The focus is on my own self-awareness and well-being.

There are so many things in my life that I now wish to cherish. I love to learn, read and discover. Things that I can experience again without having to harbor a complete disdain for the reality around me.

I’m happy and calm.

At no point do you miss these feelings during your reign of terror, because they’re so long gone from your vision that you forget they were there to even miss and appreciate. 

Though now that I have my emotional security in the hands of my own, I couldn’t be more pleased or proud.