---
id: "87743684725"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "faux."
summary: "faux."
date: "2014-06-04 00:03:50 GMT"
slug: "faux"
state: "published"
tags: "thoughts,pride,proud,emotions,feelings,text post,personality"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Hjxc1r"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87743684725/faux"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

As you may know, I’m an unpaid “faux” journalist. I write about my life in meticulous detail, perhaps relating to my unrelated inanity; my inability to function like subtle prescription; teetering madness on thy tongue. Diatribe. Absolute diatribe. 

Well, I take great pride in who I am. I feel like something out of the movies, darling. Don’t forget to burn the lipstick off my face, like a dead-dog clean on the prairie you washed moments ago. Clearly I’m ridiculous, if not brain-drippingly dead. You can see the ants gnaw away at the sensibility like a two-bit recreation that ceases ever to exist. 

You see, this is simply a matter of control.

I’m incredibly proud of being who I am and that’s ultimately what projecting independence comes down to. I don’t think it’s so much about “resisting” women or claiming some sort of moral high ground. It’s more about being humble with who you are. It’s about being happy with yourself and not taking your personality or circumstance for granted. 

I don’t think I’m any more deterred by women, than I am now. However, I’m certainly much more aware of the emotions surrounding, as well as the women associated with them. 

It’s quite obvious I’m incompatible with most people. I mean, you spend hours trawling through other people’s facebook profiles, just so you can put a pretty picture to a frame. I seem to be so vastly different to my peers - tally ho now! 

I’m just not like most other people. Take it or leave it. On the one hand, it generally fancies the outliers of society and I can just about con anyone into being my friend. Yet deep down inside, there are probably only a few people in my life who I’ve deeply connected with, on a level that’s fluid and reciprocating. 

Some people are to be appreciated… others deserve that little bit more.

Though I wonder how similar you want a person to be, in order to sustain a connection? I suppose I have a wide range of friends, dabbling within a wide range of purposes.

That we call reality. 

Today is day eight in my never-ending journey to nowhere and I don’t think I’ve ever felt better. Of course, it’s too cold to masturbate anyway, so there’s always that conundrum to deal with. Though, I’m sure a nice warm vagina could keep the chills away ;)

hhahahaha oh, dear sir. We may have stumbled upon an inconsistency thar! Fuck. I don’t know. Really. Part of me obviously wants to get laid, but I don’t know if that’s in my best interest. I really should pay attention to context, but I can’t imagine ever refusing the opportunity. 

Go crazy my sullen child.