---
id: "83392205793"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "feelings."
summary: "feelings."
date: "2014-04-21 07:42:00 GMT"
slug: "feelings"
state: "published"
tags: "feelings,emotions,addiction,biology,club,ignorant,struggle,desperation,alive,life,love,sad"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Dga1FX"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83392205793/feelings"
noteCount: "17"
format: "html"
---

People chase feelings. We long for emotion. If not, we’re most likely dead.

You feel or you die. It’s quite simple.

For example, when you look for love, it’s not the actual girl you’re looking for. It’s the emotional security you’re hoping to obtain. We chase extremes in order to live, or at the very least, feel like we’re living.

Some people go to clubs every weekend to feel “alive”, because they have trouble feeling every other day of the week. They tell me they do it as an “escape”.

They escape reality in order to feel alive. I would say that’s somewhat tragic.

Some people have the need to take drugs every day to alter their state of their mind. To feel “high”, because they currently feel “low” and it helps them feel “regular”. Biologically speaking, there’s no such thing as “higher highs” because the brain adjusts fairly rapidly. It’s a simple race to the bottom and you’ve already lost from the start. I’m not quite aware of any other species that relies on recreational drugs for their supposed well-being. Well “recreational” in loose terms. Dependence is a whole different category.

In-spite of what our desperation may tell us, these feelings are all just chemicals travelling through our brains. It’s important to note that these chemicals are already within us. We don’t need to go to extremes to feel them: We just have to understand how they work.

Understanding human biology can go a long way. I’d start with understanding the structure of the brain, followed the pathways for addiction and reward circuitry of the brain.

I don’t condemn anyone who cannot control their biology, because we’ve all been there. In fact, addiction was the greatest thing that ever happened to me. It teaches you to be self-reliant and skeptical of your own processes. The value of struggle. The importance of your own true well-being and the lengths you’re willing to fight for your own sanity.

Feelings don’t need to be chased or replicated using external sources. You don’t need to murder someone to feel the adrenaline in your blood. You don’t need to smoke weed in order to maintain the haze of your delusion (mind you, I used to smoke a lot of weed). All you have to do is be aware. Embrace the trauma. Embrace the pain.

Being ignorant does not ignore the consequences of being ignorant.