---
id: "83289825270"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "flirt."
summary: "flirt."
date: "2014-04-20 09:57:31 GMT"
slug: "flirt"
state: "published"
tags: "flirt,sex,relationship,love,seduction,attraction,girls"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DaTT-s"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83289825270/flirt"
noteCount: "8"
format: "html"
---

It’s addiction of sorts. HA.

Those fools who thought porn was the problem. Fuck em’. Enter the world of novelty girls who have the bite to chew back. They were mostly right, though completely wrong at the same time. Instead of seeking a bunch of virtual girls fucking a whole lot of virtual guys, I now pursue equally virtual girls as an equally virtual guy.

So there’s your inception moment; an alpha disguised delta, pretending oh-so-magnificently to be the insidious gamma.

I talk to so many girls it’s kind of ridiculous. I mean, a vast majority of the interactions don’t go anywhere and only a few become good friends, but it’s the chase that plugs me in and powers me up.

I know that 99.99% of the girls out there just aren’t for me. In fact, the sad thing is that you already know this little fact before you head on out on these little espionages into the woods. There’s a lot of one can tell about a person, simply judging by their sense of style. 

One of the benefits in talking to so many different girls, is that it gives you a greater sense of yourself. Not only in terms of what you like/don’t like about a person, but also the ways in which you’re required to portray yourself most effectively.

It’s not that I don’t get along with people. I get along with most people who are willing to be nice and receptive. I’m generally respectful of most people (assuming I’m not trolling) and I know how to charm. I just don’t see the point in some friendships, unless if there’s something substantial to carry it through.

Kindness is one thing. Deep infatuation is another. 

If it’s one thing I’ve discovered, it’s that I like girls who know how to write; girls who understand the complex intricacies of grammar and knowledge. Now that’s not to say that I couldn’t fall in love with a girl who isn’t a writer; I most certainly have in the past, however it’s not quite the same. It isn’t that sort of intense, dilapidating sort of love I’m looking for. We could certainly play around and pose adventurous scenarios to the cute little piggy in the corner, but it’s not that kind of feeling which drives me wild. 

I want to be so attached that I’ll deny we ever broke up. I want to be rendered useless.

So uh, that basically narrows it down to three people, all of whom I haven’t yet me. Very few people attract me with their talents, though it hits me like a ton of bricks when it does. Talent itself isn’t overwhelming; it can be as simple as the delivery in one’s communication. A kiss and a brush; the sickness of my mind. 

If you’re a girl, please, stay away from me. I’m an AVID liar. Basically, I mimic your personality so that I can pretend to form a “connection” with you. It’s not real. Social proofing.

Though that’s the brilliance of it. It’s precisely the point.

My kind of girl would know how to bite back. She would know how to strike fear into my eyes without even murmuring a word. She would snap me with her fingers and burn me to a crisp. Then once we realised how ruthless we both are, we’d run away together and pretend to give into the infinite perpetuation of our lies…

That’s mostly bullshit rhetoric, though it sounds wonderful with words. I wouldn’t have to put on an act if they were like me. Then again, it would mean they would be able to see through the act and appreciate it for what it is; something most girls cannot. I would let the chemistry do the talking.

Falling in love is the ease. Finding our love is the struggle.

Oh please, struggle with me baby.