---
id: "86308440820"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "free."
summary: "free."
date: "2014-05-20 14:03:00 GMT"
slug: "free"
state: "published"
tags: "life,happy,heart,write,independent,doubt,free,recovery,depression,love,feelings,emotions,positive"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GOOahq"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86308440820/free"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I feel… I don’t think “cured” is the right word.

Even if it may be true, it would be placing far too much emphasis and faith on the basis of a moral construct. Criticism is feigned arrogance at it’s finest. Basically, I don’t think I’ve felt this “independent” before in a very long time. It’s an amazing feeling to have.

That feeling of being free. 

I remember I used to play with a huge tub of Lego as a child; alone. That made me exceedingly happy and I didn’t feel an ounce of self-doubt. So why should it feel any different today?

The insecurity; gone. I have no irrational fears or worries; at least ones which have the potential to impede on my daily life (I’m still shit scared of spiders though). I feel compelled to learn. I feel compelled to read. In fact, I’ve been reading all day.

I haven’t had a single negative thought today. More importantly, I feel entirely in-control. If I want to do something, I do it. I have no resistance. I understand this notion of consequence. I’m living proof of it right now, just as you are as well. 

I’m really happy and I mean that from the bottom of my heart. This is really to say, that for the first time since I made this account, I can…

…stop relying on this tumblr blog for my emotional support. 

Up until now, I’d always held onto my writing as a way of coping through the madness. I don’t know where I’d be without it. As of today however, I feel like I can let go of my fears and live my life. I don’t have this stigma of anxiety attached to me. I can simply smile and flourish. 

I don’t know how much longer I’m going to be using this tumblr for. The thing is, I still love to write. I suppose the difference now is that I’ll be writing out of enjoyment; not out of fear and compromise.

For the first time in a while, I feel like I have choice in my life. I want to learn to bake. I want to read until my heart bleeds a solemn pink. I want to experience life to it’s fullest. Perhaps write a novel? 

Self-love is amazing.