---
id: "84307113190"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "good."
summary: "good."
date: "2014-04-30 08:02:14 GMT"
slug: "good"
state: "published"
tags: "wise,choice,good,happy,feeling"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EX67Jc"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84307113190/good"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m feeling quite good today.

I had a bit of a realisation earlier that we’re all highly responsible for a lot of the choices we make. It’s nice to know we have discretion.

I’d just finished my university seminar and I hadn’t really eaten anything, so in my “fuck it” train of thought, I’d figured I may as well buy some KFC to hone in on the void. However I was pressed for time and so I had to make some decisions. 

I can either get home and organise to schedule some tumblr posts I’d written throughout the day OR I could give into the temporary culinary pleasure of fried chicken and give up the opportunity to secure my own fame and the prized “wet pussy on the end of a stick”. 

Of course, tumblr gets me women and KFC gets me that bloated feeling you experience after childbirth, so you can imagine which option won over in my mind.

You guessed it.

I ended up buying some KFC and in my infinite wisdom, managed to scour the leftovers of my potato gravy to convince a homeless girl to give me a blow-job.

I slathered it all over my… *ahem*

Actually, instead, I got home just in time to schedule a whole bunch of fresh posts for your convenience.

Of course, the hilarious thing is that I’m currently writing this post while at Richmond station, so I don’t know this yet.

Also, I’ve scheduled this post for 5:15pm, which means I’m actually at work, sympathy humping a Persian carpet behind one of the luxury stands we display to consumers

Yes. I visibly love life.