---
id: "81954150915"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "good."
summary: "good."
date: "2014-04-07 02:51:00 GMT"
slug: "good"
state: "published"
tags: "mental health,health,disorder,judgemental,happiness,methodology,depression,rejection"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CKsHe3"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81954150915/good"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Today is good. I feel really good about everything. I’m not drowned in shame, worry, guilt or fear. It’s barely even occurred to me that my ex left me. My mind isn’t clouded by critical judgments or irrational voices. Man, that website is fucking genius. 

Okay, so there’s this website called www.pathwaytohappiness.com and I know, I know, it sounds new age as fuck and like some sort sectarian cult, but I assure you that it’s nothing like that.

It’s basic psychology and self-awareness methodology. Seriously, this website has changed my life. You know what I just did? I bypassed months upon months of severe depression and self-rejection and I did it within the span of three days.

It’s the kind of thing you’d know would make you successful today, if only you were taught this thing 10 years ago. Imagine the years of depression and mental disorder, avoided. Think about it, no one is really anymore special than you. They’re not “better”. They just didn’t get depressed. They spend more time doing the things they loved and cherished and they developed particular talents etc.

This methodology should be mandatory for school children. You’d basically eliminate 95% of mental illnesses if people actually knew how to be self-aware and take control of their emotions, which everyone has the power to do. I mean, we have such a focus on physical health in Australia, yet very little on mental health and what’s already available is completely and utterly ineffective. 

If you’d like to know more, I’m happy to teach anyone. With that said, there’s a lot of study, however put it this way: You spend 1-2 months studying this and you avoid 95% of emotional reactions, dissolve all the negativity and think of all the time wasted being angry or sad or whatever. 

The choice is yours; cynicism included. 

I’m just really happy :D