---
id: "81857396434"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "gourmet."
summary: "gourmet."
date: "2014-04-06 06:17:52 GMT"
slug: "gourmet"
state: "published"
tags: "food,pasta,words,gourmet,cook,culinary,break up,comfort eat,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CF5BxI"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81857396434/gourmet"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m quite the cook (I’ll be honest, I do most things really well) and I cooked this amazing > and it looks and tastes lovely. I was going to take a picture of it, but I figure it’s a text only blog, so I’m going to attempt to describe what your taste buds are missing out on:

“Finely chopped onion and carrot, gently simmered in a shallow pool of heated butter. Crushed tomato and grated garden cucumber thrown into the mix. The roast pork floats freely in a sea of broccoli, ginger and spices. A hint of turmeric lights up the eyes to a culture of mouthwatering linger. In a boiling pot of water, the Italian spirals make haste towards their ripe. Served fresh and linguistic in a bowl of expanding porcelain. The love for life is a spread that makes pasta the delicious culinary experience for every family to enjoy.”

This is so much better than Junk Food. Though gee, I’ve noticed it’s so fucking hard to do ANYTHING when you’re depressed. It’s like 10 times harder just to cut onions. 

With that said, I feel like I’m coping with this break up very well. Just by being aware, you can prevent yourself from gorging on the self-rejection which sets you back months before recovery. I honestly feel like I’m recovering already, though I certainly don’t want to get cocky. 

I’ll take you through some of the techniques later which help change your emotional state. A lot of it will seem gimmicky and outlandish to you, but trust me, they work. I was a complete wreck until I figured out how to control my emotions.