---
id: "83770204299"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "happy."
summary: "happy."
date: "2014-04-25 01:07:00 GMT"
slug: "happy"
state: "published"
tags: "happy,thoughts,writing,agnostic,stimulate,words,meaning,life,self-awareness"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1E15_2B"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83770204299/happy"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m really happy today.

I’ve just been up all morning writing articles and man, I love writing so much. There’s just something about conveying ideas into text that makes me giddy and more importantly, the process stimulates my mind and I cannot stand to be idle. I constant feel compelled to use my brain and I suppose that’s why I love flirt so much. I get to write AND think at the same time!

I also feel indifferent about women, which is a really good thing. I’m hateful or judgemental, I’m just no longer insecure about the way I feel about myself. I’m happy to read a book and not worry about not having a girlfriend.

It’s quite a liberating feeling.

Writing adds meaning to my life. It makes time go so incredibly and that’s seriously an amazing thing. I honestly cannot remember what happened yesterday, because yesterday feels like one week ago.

ehhhhh….

I’m full of positivity and embrace. There are so many things I want to do and it’s a most wonderful feeling. I spent a lot of yesterday writing and reading and today I just want to read, write and learn. I’m also going to work out and stretch at some point.

But yeah, I’m definitely going to be spending a good portion of my time studying self-awareness, otherwise I’ll fall back into the trap of being vulnerable again. I feel like one of those Christian kids getting prepared for Sunday school, though when you think about it, I guess that’s the great flaw of most atheist/agnostic people. Just because you don’t believe in a concrete set of beliefs, doesn’t mean your mental well-being is going to take care of yourself. It’s still your duty to study into some sort of philosophy and psychology in order to keep yourself regular and I say that as an agnostic.

Yes, you guessed it. 

My writing is dramatically less interesting when I’m not depressed.