---
id: "86007732915"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "her."
summary: "her."
date: "2014-05-17 14:12:00 GMT"
slug: "her"
state: "published"
tags: "feelings,girl,breasts,touching,uptight,free,appeal,date"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1G6TTgp"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86007732915/her"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I’m attached to two different images of her. The fact that she’s Jewish (and how we can liberally make holocaust jokes) and the fact that she’s sporting a pair of Double D’s.

Sorry, I can’t get that The Wolf of Wall Street scene out of my head, where they shave the lady’s hair off and Leonardo DeCaprio shouts “She’s already got C cups, but now SHE FUCKING WANTS DOUBLE D’S!! IS THIS A GREAT FUCKING COMPANY OR WHAT!?”

I distinctly remember the night before. We were sitting on the banks of the Yarra and I was trying to gauge what I could get away with touching wise. I suspected that she was cool with me touching anywhere, but you always have to be respectful about these things.

I like how she’s not uptight or bitchy; just so friendly and nice. She’s not fucking stupid. If I call her a whore, she gets it’s a joke. She doesn’t see things at face value, cause she got a brain. 

Anyway, having gone for the vagina first (yeah, I know right!?) I’m feeling her breasts and I ask her what size they are. Then at the very moment she says ‘Double D’, I decidedly lie down in a haze of sweet euphoria as the welcoming scent of grass succumbs to my delusion. I thought I’d died and gone to heaven. E sounds lame. ABC has no allure. But Double D? Fuck yes.

Of course, hilariously that has very little to do with who she is. What I really admire is the fact that she’s one of the least superficial girls I’ve ever met in my entire life. It’s incredibly apparent, almost to the point of being deliciously tacky. I love it. Her dress sense is kinda… you feel like she’s not trying to sell you anything. It’s just her. There’s no real sex appeal or craziness. There’s no real projection of ego. It’s humble; a quality which you can only appreciate. 

She’s super smart. Knowledgeable beyond all hell. I’ve noticed that we have a very similar way of conversing; we both rely entirely on observation for our intellectual depth. As long as we’re being subject to different stimuli, we can just about keep a conversation going on for years. We compare our chemistry to an ever-going episode of Seinfeld. Excellent.

I love that she’s isn’t judgemental. She’s not a critical person, which is a HUGE thing for me and arguably, is the main thing that turns me off women and people in general. If you have an agenda to sell… goodbye. Socialism. Animal rights. Your diet. Fuck off. She’s not this pent up feminist who’s ready to go postal and cut dicks off unsuspecting guys. She’s probably one of the most sensible girls I’ve ever met.

She’s cool with me just touching her. Mutual prostitution baby ;) [She hates being called pet names… as well as being licked in the ear]

Though really, what all these things are tying into, is the fact that she’s imageless. She has no image. She’s not trying to sell me anything. She doesn’t represent some kind of inane intellectual puzzle. She’s just an amazing girl with amazing qualities. Gimme. Gimme. Gimme.

Image is an insecurity I’m still dealing with and I want to prove to myself to her, that I can overcome it.

I’m really happy with what I’ve got going on, because arguably this is the healthiest relationship I’ve ever had with a girl. In fact, I’ve never had this sort of healthy dating experience before. What I mean to say, is that I’m so used to selling myself an image of “romance/love” in my mind before even getting to know a person, that it ends up being something it’s not. Delusion. Spell it out with your tongue. The linger burns.

So for example, in the case of my last relationship, the image of my first girlfriend was a lot stronger than one following, so quite naturally a sense of doubt began to arise in my mind of the girl I was with, simply because I didn’t “feel” her as much.

You become so desperate and insecure about yourself, that you’re willing to sell yourself this idea of “love” at any cost, just so you can feel human again.

I don’t have strong feelings for her yet, though I suspect we both know where this is heading. I think she’s lovely and we both know that the more time we spend with each other, the more it’s going to grow and I guess that makes me super excited about the future.

…and to think that we met on tumblr ;)