---
id: "82784174970"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "honest."
summary: "honest."
date: "2014-04-15 12:23:13 GMT"
slug: "honest"
state: "published"
tags: "relationship,dating,honest,happy,personality,text post,thoughts,laid,sex,wit,flirt,intellectual,tease,girls"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1D6KaDw"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82784174970/honest"
noteCount: "9"
format: "html"
---

I’m an honest guy. If I’m ever going to cheat on you, I’ll probably tell you beforehand and try and make it as painless as possible. It’s basically what my ex did to me, except in a more subtle fashion ;)

I’m so incredibly proud of my ex, even though she left me for another guy and I’m even more proud of myself for letting her go. I’m not going to manipulate her into staying with me if she thinks another guy is going to make her happier. I just want her to be happy, even if that personally means going into a deep depression for a few weeks. I’ve always told her that I wanted her to be the best version of herself and that’s what I delivered. Now we’re great friends again and we talk like old times.

Honesty goes a long way.

I flirt with a lot of girls. It’s basically all I do to be honest. I mean, why else would I make this blog? Though you gotta understand where I’m coming from. This is literally a whole lifetime of catch up that I’m trying to get knocked out within a few short years. I only just lost my virginity 8 months ago, so puhlease. I will not have it.

I was the fat unpopular kid in primary school who hated sport, which is a big no-no, considering I lived in a rural area. I was so incredibly unpopular that my nickname was ‘fatty boomba’ and I remember they put on a so-called “wedding” for some of the popular kids at school and I specifically was not allowed to go. Yeh. Fuck ya hoe. Oh and then my entire high school career was spent in single sex environments, so I basically didn’t even know what a vagina was. 

It ruined me entirely. I had no self-esteem and the idea of getting laid, was seriously a dream to me, as it was for a lot of my friends. I’d look at a girl and freak out, which is basically why I turned to video games for my own inner sanity. I had no hope of getting laid, because I was a social outcast who wasn’t part of any substantial groups. 

Of course, come present day and it’s literally an exact 180 of who I used to be. I’m incredibly fit, I can flirt with most girls and I know how to make girls laugh (at least in person). It’s just that I find most girls dull, so instead of focusing on the end girl, I just end up being myself and not worry about the results. If it clicks, it clicks. I’m not gonna be someone else just to get laid. Life is more than just sex. It’s more an experience to be cherished in my eyes.

Oh man, gotta love trolling girls who are easily provoked. You may as well if it’s not going to work out.

I suppose it’s a tease thing. Well, that’s not fair to say, because I’m sure most girls can’t be bothered (which is also a difference in personality), but a lot of girls also lack an intellectual finesse to them. It’s reflected in their sense of style, the way they write etc. Basically, who they are as people. 

With that said, I’m the kind of guy who likes to take acid and manipulate concepts in my head, so yeah, I’m not exactly typical.

That’s why I really like girls who are good with language, wit and flirt because if even you’re the stupidest person you know, the above relate to a true practical intelligence that I value.

Ahhhh, I’m such a fuckwit.