---
id: "81845799901"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "hurt."
summary: "hurt."
date: "2014-04-06 03:45:00 GMT"
slug: "hurt"
state: "published"
tags: "pain,break up,insecure,hurt,relationship,girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CEOylT"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81845799901/hurt"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m getting to that stage where the sight of cute couples makes me want to break down. I feel so incredibly insecure and jealous, especially when they hold hands and I can feel my body churning on the inside. 

I can’t even comfort eat, because food reminds me of her and living reminds me of her and everything reminds me of her. It’s so weird how different life is without her, even though it’s still very much the same. No more snap chats, no more kik messages, like a chunk of my heart was ripped out and thrown against the wall. 

I neither feel dead nor alive - like a vessel in waiting in limbo; no thrust nor force applied to my exterior. Though I’m glad I haven’t touched myself (I think today is day six, I’m not sure) and that’s going to help stabilise my emotions as time goes along.

I don’t know why, but I feel I’m going to change tonight, at least in the sense of taking action. I know I can easily be depressed for the rest of my life, but I’m not going to let it happen. I know that it’s never going to get easier. However I’ve been through this before and I have faith in my ability to do it again.

Then again, I wonder if I ever did truly recover (which I feel I did) or if I simply moved on so quickly to another love/attachment, to mask how I really felt. 

Everything sucks, but I just need some time to feel terrible. I don’t think I miss my own happiness enough to want to change. So instead, let’s cook copious amounts of pasta and experience stomach death.