---
id: "82663208212"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "identity."
summary: "identity."
date: "2014-04-14 05:25:00 GMT"
slug: "identity"
state: "published"
tags: "beautiful,emotions,feelings,ego,appearance,selfie,positivity,awareness,body image,self-worth"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1C-77KK"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82663208212/identity"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I guess one of the shocking details of having a text-only blog is that I consciously decide not to post pictures of myself, which is a real shame, because I work out almost everyday and I have an amazing body that I really want to flaunt. I’ve always dreamed of becoming a cam model, though clearly I’m just fucked in the head. Of course, that doesn’t stop me from sending pictures to people I know in private.

It’s weird when people bring up body positivity and awareness, because it’s a completely foreign notion to me. There’s not a single thing about my body that I have ever felt insecure about, so much so, that the idea of body positivity shocks me.

I have this friend (male) who’s incredibly insecure about the way he looks. He’s Korean and he thinks girls don’t like him because he’s not white, so he literally gets plastic surgery done on his face. The reality is however, that he has no sense of personality and he’s as dull as a rock. But when you’re that far down the rabbit hole, what is one to say? He just sits there and says very little. Of course, the delusion is his to share.

I love who I am and I think it’s because I ultimately have control over my actions. I work towards getting what I want and I try my best at conceiving these ideas into my realm. So what’s there truly to worry about?

I think an influx of selfies will make a return at some point within my tumblr career, however that would be cheapening to the current experience at this point. I actually posted pictures of myself on a previous tumblr blog (I had it a few months ago now?) and I loved finding new ways to portray myself using light, perspective etc.

The thing is, I don’t really I have a real sense of ego or identity. I’m not overwhelming obsessed with who I am or my physical appearance. I just like the emotions and feelings within my body; not so much the labels that people prescribe.

The labels aren’t real, but the feelings… they’re all around us.

I think psychedelics killed my ego to a large extent. I suppose I see everything as equal energy - humans are no more significant than the ground we stand on. That’s perhaps the biggest delusion for most people; the arrogance that they are worth more than nature.

Everything is beautiful, even if it isn’t organised into our desires. If you reduce everything down to a whole bunch of vibrating wavelengths, it simplifies this construct of “reality” we pertain in our head. Your identity is produced from a lack of perceived self-worth. It is not real.

We are beauty and there is very little else to say.