---
id: "83705358965"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "images."
summary: "images."
date: "2014-04-24 09:39:00 GMT"
slug: "images"
state: "published"
tags: "beliefs,understanding,philosophy,self-help,self-worth,self-awareness,doubt,rejection,ego,positive,self-harm"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DzEcfr"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83705358965/images"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

[This is a very long, though important post. If you have issues with self-esteem, depression or negativity of any kind, this information may help you. It will take many readings before it truly sets in, however it’s fundamental to the way you think. I believe the reason why we have so many mental health issues in society today, is because people lack the sufficient knowledge to understand the way rational beings think and that’s what I hope to convey. I hope to teach. I hope to expose. Enjoy.]

So I’m doing a lot of reading into self-awareness and I think it’s important to try and explain the way belief systems work. In particular, insecurities.

Humans are smart. Incredibly smart. So much so, that our imagination is well beyond our ability to function within reality. That is to say, we can think of someone incredibly hot and get horny, without actually having to see an incredibly hot person before our very eyes, sitting on our lap caressing us.

We think in terms of images. We think in terms of ideas. There is of course, the virtual reality of our mind (our imagination, thoughts, emotions) and the external reality (deary me). People think it’s the external reality which affects the way we feel, however it’s in fact the virtual reality which gives us our perception.

In saying that, it’s not necessary that we think in terms of images however that’s just the way we’ve been brought up (there’s a lot of context that I won’t explain, however we’ll get back to this idea later.)

Most people have an image of perfection that they keep in their mind. This is their “idealised” version of themselves. This is the version of you that exercises every day, works a high-paying job, is fucking all sorts of bitches and is just holding life by the balls and dictating the reality you wish and hope to deserve.

In contrast to that, we also have a hidden negative self-image of our “imagined” self which we associate with all the bad things we don’t want to be. This is the image of you lulling around doing nothing, failing at things, not being a good person etc. etc. etc. Basically the complete opposite to your perfect self-image.

Of course, what’s important to note is that none of these images exist. They’re all in your mind. They’re ideas we have of ourselves, that are nothing more than thoughts in our minds. They have nothing to do with the person occupying your body right now.

They’re an aspect of your ego. Your ego is a coping mechanism. Any time you take a hot selfie of yourself, you’re doing it because you’re trying to build your ego in the hope that it translates into self-worth. Unfortunately, the two concepts are polar opposites and you invariably end up reinforcing the image-based system in our minds. Meaning, that when the critical part of your mind decides to do a good ol’ switcheroo from your positive to your negative self-image, you end up feeling much, much worse than you did before.

It’s like an atmospheric roller-coaster into the abyss.

The images however aren’t fundamental to the way we think. What’s driving these images is the critical part of the mind (the judge) which is constantly seeking to find new/old ways to objectify your feelings into the prominent images we have of ourselves. They bounce back between these images, leaving you feeling like an untrained monkey at the helm. That’s why we may end up feeling a little bipolar at times, because we can’t quite grasp the images we hold in our mind. The premise of our existence becomes a lie.

So when we feel negative, what do we generally do? Of course, we try and ramp up our positive self-image and really push this idea of “positivity”. Of course, this doesn’t feel genuine because we’re stuck in a negative point of view (concept for another time, though part of the reason why self-help doesn’t work) which tires us and when we do eventually slip up on some small aspect of our lives, we plunge back into self-hate and a divine sense of self-loathing.

This is in part why I find feminism/fanboyism/veganism/atheism/religion/capitalism/socialism/ideology funny. I don’t doubt their legitimacy, however certain members are driven by a pure hatred. This is because the rest of the world conflicts with their own perfect image of who they and others should be. It also means that in addition to hating everyone else, they most prominently hate themselves for who they are. They feel worthless, so they must try and justify that with even more hate and the cycle expands.

The mind is very quick to judge and easy to impress. One moment you’ll be feeling like heaven, being that so-called “perfect” self-image and the next you’ll be unravelled in self-doubt. As long as you’re being critical of yourself and others, you’ll never aspire to be either image of perfection or failure. You will simply be spontaneous, because you sir, are an untrained monkey.

The solution is simple: Dissolve all images. (again, post for another time)

This ultimately means being self-aware. When you’re self-aware, you’re living in the moment. You aren’t shackled by fear or doubt, as to who you should or shouldn’t be. You are unlimited within your own existence and free to squander and experience as you so please. This means dissolving the judge in your mind. Not making criticisms of yourself or others. It’s unnecessary and detrimental to your mental health. For example, it doesn’t help to get angry at yourself whenever you do something wrong, because you’re merely fighting an image in your mind. Also known as delusion.

That’s why the four agreements really help in dealing with this: Be impeccable with your word, don’t take anything personally, don’t make any assumptions and try your best. If you don’t take anything personally, then even you become immune to your own thoughts and the associated emotional reactions.

I apologise if this post is vague, however I’ve tried to condense it down as much as I could. I’d love to talk about it in person to anyone interested.