---
id: "82041006062"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "insecure."
summary: "insecure."
date: "2014-04-08 00:10:14 GMT"
slug: "insecure"
state: "published"
tags: "love,insecure,acceptance,break up,ex,relationships,emotionally insecure,doubt"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CQ1cVk"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82041006062/insecure"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I think I’ve mostly accepted the fact that I’m not with my ex. However, in saying that, I’ve come to realise that my woes actually have nothing to do with her and entirely to do with myself. You see, I’m just really freakin’ insecure about love and relationships. 

Sometimes I wonder to what extent I was with her because I was so emotionally insecure about being in love, as opposed to truly loving her for who she was. I mean, I felt like I loved her and I loved being with her. I felt we really did have something special and most of all, I could be myself with her. I could joke and not worry about offending her. 

Yet this also begs the question to which extent love is an expression as opposed to a chemistry? Perhaps they’re two sides of the same coin? Basically what’d happened in my last relationship, was that everything was going really well and then feelings for my first ex came back. So we decided to take some time apart. What that taught me was to be grateful for what I had in life, however is that a simple compromise? Doubts in her mind also began to arise.

I guess I feel stupid, though that would be the insecurity speaking. I feel stupid that I can’t find a girl to love me, when I shouldn’t be feeling like that. You see, while I’ve accepted the fact that I no longer have my ex, I cannot accept the fact that I don’t have a girlfriend. It hurts, even though it exists only as a construct in my mind.

I’ve figured that if I’m ever going to love myself, I’m going to have to embrace who I am. This means focusing on myself and my life. It means treating your body and mind with respect, exercising and doing the things that best express who you are. Writing is one of them. 

Clarity. At least my dilemmas are exposed.