---
id: "81439843540"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "interact."
summary: "interact."
date: "2014-04-02 00:42:21 GMT"
slug: "interact"
state: "published"
tags: "perspective,friends,meet,melbourne,social,journalist,chemistry,scene"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BsCMJK"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81439843540/interact"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I feel quite happy with my current set of friends. I have a lot people in my life who genuinely care about me, yet there’s also enough delinquent variety to keep me going into oblivion. Though with that said, there are a lot of people in my life that I no longer choose to associate with i.e. the drug addicts, the lads etc. 

I don’t have a scene. I don’t care enough for any one particular lifestyle. I kinda see everything as a blend of life and culture, forever molding in to the gullible consciousness of whatever it touches. I have a genuine interest in people, no matter what their story, assuming their story is worth telling. People think it’s all about sex, but really, I think that’s an insecure point of view. I see it more as a developing chemistry between two people and seeing where that takes you, be it friendship or love. I like entertaining chemistry, tantalising the words with the caress of my whim and all of the above. I like observing the disparity of interaction and lust, as well as the ways in which I can provide value to people’s lives. 

I’m empathetic. I don’t judge, really. I understand that life is a little fucked up for some and for others, a constant mirage. Trust me, I’ve seen the worst of the worst, the scum of this earth. People zombified into a state they themselves can barely recollect.

I suppose I fill the “journalist” role in the group, if that makes any sense to you. I generally win people over with my humor (I can entertain most people, which is why I transition into most groups easily) though my knowledge is also a key asset in many respects. On the one hand, I’m neutral and impartial to what happens in the group, yet I’m also funny and provide perspective from an introspective realm, so people accept my place as the inner shaman. 

Some people think I’m a social predator, though I would say it’s because some people are highly insecure about their ability to provide value. They feel easily displaced, so they have the need to attack and ravage. Dude, I’m just the journalist. I don’t give a fuck. I just like meeting new people with open perspectives. Gobble it up and never let go.