---
id: "82638324261"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "key."
summary: "key."
date: "2014-04-14 00:47:00 GMT"
slug: "key"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,depression,sad,happiness,free,hopeless,feelings,emotions,fix,powerful,cope,reality,live"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CzeC8b"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82638324261/key"
noteCount: "12"
format: "html"
---

You should never be sad.

Of course, that’s to say that you should always be happy.

At the end of the day, it’s not for others to decide how you should feel.

However let me tell you, it’s possible to be happy all the time.

Yes. You may be happy 24/7 if you so choose.

It’s a possibility.

The problem with depression is that it affects your life for such a long time, that you think it’s a natural part of the human experience.

It’s not. In fact, nothing is truly natural from this point of view.

YOU are the human experience. YOU are all the unlimited possibility of this reality and more.

Overcoming depression isn’t hard. It’s actually rather simple. What’s difficult is figuring out how to do it. That’s 90% of the effort. The other 10% is trying to survive.

However it has to be a part of who you are. It’s not about fighting. It’s about learning to become self-aware. That’s where most people fail and is the difference between a lifetime of depression and a few sordid months.

First you must be humble. Then you can be great.

There’s a reason why some people suicide from depression and others heal within weeks, as well as those who linger hopelessly for years. Only you hold that reason. No one else but you. Others can help you, but they cannot change who you are. They do not have that sort of power over your mind. However the very idea that you have control to begin with, is a very powerful thought indeed.

It’s not easy. Fuck no. It’s shit. It feels so fucking inhumane, that you can barely comprehend the mess that is your life.

Yet at the same time, your depression is only as difficult as you make it. Yes. I am giving you the power. Every reaction has an equal opposite reaction and that says a lot about what you can do to help yourself.

There’s nothing wrong with you. There are your arms. Your mouth. Your heart. The brain which feeds you with it’s impulses. You were designed to live.

It’s not your fault you lost the key along the way. It happens to the best of us. The hilarious thing is that people think that this key must be found, when really, it was all in front of our very eyes this entire time.

The key is still there my friend. You’ve simply distorted it’s appearance and you can no longer remember what it looks like. It’s right there, in front of you, yet you search elsewhere for months to no avail. You look everywhere and you think you’ve lost your key.

The key is not lost. They key isn’t a matter of reinterpretation. It’s a matter of acceptance. It no longer looks like a key to you, because you have distorted what it should look like in your mind. Your job to figure out how you’ve distorted it and how you can see it clearly again.

Then you can pick up your key and walk away free from your pain and suffering. Happiness becomes a possibility again.

Be happy.