---
id: "87683253365"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "lalalalo."
summary: "lalalalo."
date: "2014-06-03 09:39:00 GMT"
slug: "lalalalo"
state: "published"
tags: "dating,women,experience,insecurity,self-worth,guilt,shame,girlfriend,love,intellect"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HgL4Hr"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87683253365/lalalalo"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I feel sort of evil. Well, not evil, but I’m filled to the brim with guilt and plasma. There’s a sense of shame in everything I do, thanks to the critical examinations of my skewed mother; things I shouldn’t feel guilty about at all in the slightest, yet things that always get the better of me.

The best thing about having your addiction under control, especially that of pornography/masturbation, is that it gives you so much power to be autonomous. I literally feel like a free man. I’m no longer deluded into chasing sex or women. My insecurity over women has melted away into the abyss and it honestly doesn’t even remotely bother me that I’m single, sexually inactive and awesome.

When you get rid of underlying cause/reason for your insanity, everything else becomes so much easier to process. 

I don’t think it’s deterred me from wanting a girlfriend, but what it’s definitely done is reassess the reasons for why I want that sort of connection. It’s most certainly the intellect/affection I’m looking for, which is good because it keeps me focused on what I’m looking for. Even then, once you’re independent, you realise that you don’t need these things from another person, so you have to be really careful before you commit to something like a relationship and if it’s really worth the effort. 

I haven’t felt like this empowered in a very long time. 

I like it.