---
id: "84109847130"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "lasagne."
summary: "lasagne."
date: "2014-04-28 08:00:00 GMT"
slug: "lasagne"
state: "published"
tags: "insecurity,love,self-love,self-awareness,change,pain,writing"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1ELLcfQ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84109847130/lasagne"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

This happens every single time.

I hit a particular low and then I do this thing where I buy a 2kg lasagne from Woolworths and I gorge myself. I don’t know if you’ve had that shit before, but it tastes like plastic hell served grotesque in eight layers deep of preservatives and nail shreddings. Not quite, but they’re horrible. You get through 1kg of it at most and you decidedly chuck out the rest as you wobble your stomach towards the incineration basket.

Anyway, you yourself feel horrible and so you think it’s going to make a good comfort eat. Fuck no, that shit make you feel like cheap porcelain.

On top of that, I think I masturbated like 5 times and god, it feels great when you haven’t watched porn in 28 days. In fact, the first 3 times are amazing. Now porn is incredibly dull again. Go figure.

Anyway, I feel changed. I don’t know what it is, but I don’t feel insecure about women any more. I actually feel a sense of self-love. I feel almost independent of myself. Perhaps this is a cycle?

I’ve got the standing desk back. I’m actually doing homework consistently and I can feel my desire to learn creeping back. Reading is a must. I’m exercising. I’m going to stop porn again. I’m not a mascot for fear.

Here’s the difference folks.

Instead of doing what I usually do, which is to use this positive energy to chase women, I’m going to use it to further consolidate my own happiness. I’m going to make the most of my time happy, because as I’ve learnt, it can change a moments notice. That means being productive. Doing shit. Learning about self-awareness. The classics.

Though I worry about giving up orgasm again, because that really fucks with the way you feel about women. It creates this healthy desire which I don’t know I can handle.

I think tumblr is the problem to a large extent. Writing is a coping mechanism and in that sense, it IS the depression. Also, tumblr isn’t productive. I almost feel dependent on writing and not myself, because of it’s inner workings.

So that’s why I’m going to spend less time on tumblr. A lot less time, at least for a little while. In fact, I’m probably not going to write articles for a while. It’s not good for my mental health, as entertaining as it is for yours.

I know that if I keep doing this to myself, it’s going to end the exact way it always does - further insecurity and pain. Dating is a lot of like a lottery. You either win or you lose, but if you lose enough, it drives you insane. With that said, I actually don’t really feel anything for women atm. I can imagine it’s because I’ve orgasmed, however I really just… don’t care.

I have myself.

There are so many more efficient ways of maintaining yourself and I hold true to my commitment of happiness and self-love.

Today I break the cycle.

Au revoir.