---
id: "82438053352"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "let go."
summary: "let go."
date: "2014-04-12 02:01:10 GMT"
slug: "let-go"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,feelings,emotions,courage,fear,insecurity,grief,break up,struggle,relationship,thoughts,destructive"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CniDte"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82438053352/let-go"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

People buy and sell hope like it’s their fucking 9 to 5. The hope you’ll have a better paying job in 10 years time. The chance you’ll be sleeping with a model come Christmas. Possibly that everything will be just fine, even though you have no idea what the future holds. Death. Opportunity. It’s the optimism that counts.

I was sitting in the sun this morning and it occurred to me that happiness is a very simple construct. In fact, I can be happy right now if I wanted to. Yet at what cost? What is the element of sacrifice I must retain?

It would require I drop my delusion. I need, no, I must to let go of the fact that I need to have a girlfriend in my life to be happy.

Then it occurred me, I really am out of it. I’m grade A delusional. I’m willing to go to great lengths, just to find a girl, to achieve this false ideal in my head. Quite literally, all I have to do is accept the fact that I don’t need a girl to be happy and there you have it. A pizza with wings.

I just don’t have the courage to do it. I can’t let go. It’s my greatest fear; a prolonged insecurity in my gut.

I find it difficult. It hurts to let go, even though none of it is real. It’s like waking up one day to discover that your hard-drive has been wiped out. Sure. There’s a temporary sadness, however you soon realise, that you haven’t really lost anything. You still have your arms and your legs. You’re still very much who you were before, albeit digitally malnourished. Idiot. 

The question I have to constantly ask myself, is whether the struggle of letting go, is any more than how I feel now. That’s why I suggest you have to hit rock bottom before admitting to the destructive nature of your delusion or at the very least, fulfil your insecurity. Of course, it doesn’t really matter what you’re doing. As long as you’re playing the game. That’s what keeps you alive, even though it’s all in your head.

All I have to do is let go of my preconceived notions of happiness, because irregardless of my thoughts, happiness is the default state of mind that I’m choosing to avoid and objectify, all because of a bunch of false constructs I’ve built within my head. The layers of thoughts in my head, distort the true nature of how I should feel. I’m desperate for something that isn’t even there.

If I were to truly let go, I would delete my tumblr account right now and never look back. Not even for a second. I don’t know if can. It’s addictive. It provides so much emotional support; though really, is another term for “distraction”. 

My delusion is too strong. I cannot accept. It will take time. I want a girlfriend. It’s all I’ve ever wanted. 

No. I want my happiness. That’s what I truly want and I will suffer enough, before I realise how much it means to me. 

*sigh*