---
id: "82632081334"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "liar."
summary: "liar."
date: "2014-04-13 23:38:00 GMT"
slug: "liar"
state: "published"
tags: "cutie boy,sex,orgasm,desire,kink,fantasy,naughty,sell,propaganda,seduction,melbourne,nofap,addiction"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CzGN_s"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82632081334/liar"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I think I take back my earlier remarks. All I can think about is sex.

Basically, it takes two weeks for your reward circuitry to reset itself (i.e. for dopamine to remain regular and impartial to life’s wild ups and downs) and since it’s been two weeks I’m feeling very… good! Happy, happy, happy!

Anyway, most people who stop orgasm (especially those addicted to pornography, which is most people) experience a phase also know as the infamous “flatline” period, whereby all sexual desire precipitates and leaks down the drain. For most guys, this means being unable to get hard and a complete lack of sexual drive. This is where most people relapse, because they freak out etc. Generally it happens after 2 weeks and usually lasts for another 2 weeks, though it can last for more than half a year to those severely addicted. However, since I’ve been doing this for a while, it happened a little earlier and it didn’t last for very long.

Before I had zero desire to even touch a girl. It didn’t even enter my mind at all. Now I’m horny as hell and it’s all I can think about.

To be honest, it’s only because I started talking to this girl who’s interstate and she’s so ridiculously keen to play around, as am I. We’re going to be doing all sorts of naughty things in public and she’s into everything, I’m so very excited! You see, the great thing about having a command of the English language, is that it allows you to paint a very vivid imagery in people’s mind - especially in regards to how I intend on pleasuring you. I write erotica, so I know exactly what to say.

Sex is 90% in the head, after all.

Think of it this way. Let’s say you’re trying to sell a house to someone and you REALLY want to convince them. It’s not very effective to simply tell them what the house has to offer; that they already know. What you need to do is PAINT their life within the house, well before they’ve even considered moving in.

“Ah yes, this is where you’ll be watching TV with the kids and the dog can round around on that cute little carpet. This where you’ll be having your weekly dinners with the entire family, everyone jolly and having a good time! The car will go there, all safe and sound, along with all those power tools you keep in your garage. It’s more than enough space, sugar babe ;)”

Create the image in their mind and you will own them forever. I dunno if I’m ready for a girlfriend at this stage, I think I just want to play around for a bit first. I was so quick to jump to a gf after my first relationship, that I realise now it was out of insecurity, not true desire.

I want to go on all sorts of dates with people and just play around and flirt and not have to worry about developing a deeper connection. Really comfortable friends. I’m happy to send pics to anyone interested. Even the homeless ;)

So yes, while I may be devious, I promise I’m just a cutie boy at heart :3