---
id: "81654975191"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "message."
summary: "message."
date: "2014-04-04 05:00:37 GMT"
slug: "message"
state: "published"
tags: "experience,perspective,writing,human,help,delusion,anxiety,depression,problems,personality,people,special,imperfect"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1C310hN"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81654975191/message"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I know I spout a lot of my inner-workings as if they were the words of some blind rabbi; drunk silly off absinthe and morality. However let me make this clear: these words are a mere illusion to your ego’s identity. I’m not the kind of person who cares to lecture people into believing what’s right/wrong, even if I do have my opinions. They meaning is merely optional. Rather, I’m the kind of person who sits and observes: you are your own actor. 

The thing about my personality is that I like study people. It’s what I do. I like learning from people, either directly on indirectly via who they are or what they have to say. It doesn’t matter if you’re the worst person in the world or a creature with the kindest heart ever know to man - everyone has a purpose to portray. Which means variety is the insanity I seek. I’m the kind of person who sits at the mall and observes people for hours. I find it fascinating. It also means I’m the journalist in that regard. I do not interfere. 

It’s why I love tumblr so much. There’s such a wide variety of personalities and quirks, that it satisfies my quench to learn more about the advanced short-comings of our recent technology. If you’ve read any of my posts, it’s essentially what they’re all about - the human element which keeps us going, either in separation or union. 

Here’s the kicker: I generally disagree with 99% of people, yet I never let that get in the way of my intentions. No good journalist takes any person for granted. I’ve met some very bad people over my life, people who would kill to impress and vice-versa; arsonists who destroy lives in their path of carelessness. Tragic. Yet even I display empathy towards the cold-hearted.

I suppose my close friend with an acute anxiety said it best: “The reason why people get along with you so well, is because you have an ability to empathise with people who have no empathy for themselves.” It’s simply a part of who I am, to discover and rediscover in a fashion that exposes all.

People have problems. Like, serious issues they have to deal with, day in, day out. I have a friend who has a severe case of OCD and he’s an emotional wreck. Every time we go out shopping, he feels compelled to take pictures of all the things inside the store. It’s wired into his brain.

Listen, I’m not here to fix anyone’s delusion, even though my words have that ability attached to them. I’m not here to tell you how to live your life or what you should do to succeed in your endeavor. That’s your choice to make, not mine and that’s something you need to carry to your grave. I write because I love words and that’s where I’m coming from. Everything is done in self-interest, even if gracefully manage to dress it up as something else.

You are the person in the driver’s seat and that’s a very important aspect to consider. I’m just the journalist. I report on your condition, irregardless of what it is. I’m not the medic, only the mirror on the wall. 

la la la