---
id: "82979272406"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "mother."
summary: "mother."
date: "2014-04-17 09:01:00 GMT"
slug: "mother"
state: "published"
tags: "free house,love,sad,tragedy,mother,relationship,family,affection,intimacy,parent"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DHypRM"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82979272406/mother"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I have the house free to myself for three weeks, which is honestly amazing. Parties. Fuck yes. In fact, I’m having a small get together tonight and we’re gonna get smashed. Hard drugs? Well, let me tell ya folks. Now has never been a better time to pick up that crackie and sit dazed in an euphoric high for days at a time.

The thing that kinda sucks is the fact I don’t have a girlfriend or a particular girl to share this momentum with. What was supposed to happen with my ex, was that she was going to live at mine for a few weeks, which OMG would have been amazing. Now I’m just left to my own devices, which really isn’t as amazing as having another vagina in the room.

Regardless of my own lack of gratitude, it’s just better without my mother around. She’s an anal bitch by any measure. I had this sad realisation a few days ago, which really put my life into perspective with some of the people I know.

Put simply, don’t think my mother has genuinely pursued to ask how I feel. Like, I’ll be physically pissed off or irritated and she won’t sit me down and talk with me. It’s always in the form of a complaint. “Why haven’t you done this? What is WRONG with you?” Ugh.

I know it’s childish to say, but at least in the context of my own mother, I see comforting as a purely parental role. It’s certainly not how I’m going to treat my children, however that’s how I’ve be bought up. She’s a dictator and I have no control over who I want to be. She makes all the decisions for my life. Well fuck her. This is her paradigm and I’m not going to fight it. At the very least I’m going to ignore it until I move out of home and become financially independent. I’m suffering now to keep a roof over my head, because the alternative is potentially worse.

I don’t have a close relationship with my mother (I haven’t seen my dad in a long, long time) and to be honest, she just feels like a stranger in the house to me. I know, that sounds terrible, but it’s true. 

One thing I noticed with my ex’s family, is that everyone can just be themselves. I can’t do that with my mother. She doesn’t accept me for who I am. She has this need to change me; she’s a dictator. So naturally I avoid her and try my best to get away from her: financially and personally. It’s why I’m so independent and I cook all my own meals. Ain’t no one controlling me.

It honestly feels like I don’t even have a family. She’s such a stranger to me, so much so, that for the first time ever I forget my mother’s own birthday. It still shocks me till this day. It wasn’t until one month later when she told me so and I honestly couldn’t believe it myself. Really? Had things drifted that far apart?

That’s the problem with having a helicopter parent. I didn’t have the opportunity to express love; love was sold to me as something else. Forced and necessary. I never had the opportunity to personally express it, I was simply told to “love” and that was the rest of it. It wasn’t sold as a feeling to me; a simple idea. That’s why my first relationship was so profound to me: It felt like the first time in my life I’d discovered love for the first time ever. It was something profound I hadn’t recognised. Maybe that’s why I was so desperate for a relationship.

It was the affection I’m dying for. My first was the mother I never had.