---
id: "83613744055"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "myself."
summary: "myself."
date: "2014-04-23 12:44:00 GMT"
slug: "myself"
state: "published"
tags: "happines,change,women,insecurity,love,self-awareness,help,flirt,obsession,addiction,fear,inadequate,delusion,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Dtn7kt"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83613744055/myself"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I think if it’s one thing I’ve learnt from my recent hysteria, it’s that I place too much emphasis and importance on trying to find a girlfriend. Hell, let’s just pin it down to women in general. I mean, it’d be nice to have a girlfriend or even a casual hook up, but I really should learn to love myself first.

That’s why I’m going to stop chasing girls.

I going to stop worrying about the things I do not have in my life and embrace the things that comprise of the man sitting in this chair. I’m going to drop the fear. Ditch the insecurity. Be free with who I am. I don’t want to have to worry about feeling inadequate with who I am, simply because I don’t have that special person in my life.

This is a delusion I must address.

In fact, you become so delusional that you’re down-right convinced your insecurities are good for you. They drive you and compel you. However insecurities are based upon lies and as long as you live a lie, you will never be truly happy with who you are.

I don’t need a girlfriend to feel special with who I am. I already have myself and that’s more than enough.

If it happens, then it happens. I don’t want to live like this any second longer. I know I’m capable of so much more and that’s something I deserve to realise. I was well on the path to self-awareness after my first break up, but then the temptation for women drew me back and I lost place. That’s okay. No one’s perfect.

There was a period in my life where I enjoyed to read books, write quotes and be awesome. I didn’t worry about girls. I didn’t need to. My happiness drove me to greater heights, not the fear in my own blood. 

This is a commitment. I may have backtracked a little, however after my first break up, I promised myself that I’d unconditionally love the person I am and while I’ve learnt a lot from my experiences, I still have a long way to go.

No more women. I don’t care to be unhappy anymore. I need myself more than ever. I will not tolerate my own delusion.

That’s what this blog is going to be about from now on.