---
id: "82781861533"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "naughty."
summary: "naughty."
date: "2014-04-15 11:36:00 GMT"
slug: "naughty"
state: "published"
tags: "hook up,sex,fantasy,girl,horny,connection,relationship,fun,love,naughty"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1D6BlQT"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82781861533/naughty"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I’m uber excited for the future.

There’s this girl from far north Queensland and my god, she is ridiculously horny and she’s always asking and thinking about sex, to the point where she’ll go on toilet breaks at work just to think about me penetrating her ;)

It’s a real shame, because she was in Melbourne and she wanted to meet up to do some kinky shit, but unfortunately it was ages away in Frankston and she called at a very late time, so that didn’t happen.

Sad faces are everywhere.

Anyway, we remained in contact and we talked a little about our fetishes and she wants to come back to Melbourne every so often to hook up, because we’ve basically sold our company as the ultimate sexual experience.

We’re going to do just about everything you could possibly imagine, like, the most naughty, dirty things you can think of. She’s going to dress in the most slutty, tight dresses and shorts you can possibly imagine and I’m going to be groping her in public, fingering her at the park and just about ever single borderline illegal smutty activity you can possibly imagine. I’m very good with my elbow on the train ;)

It’s pretty much every single sexual fantasy you can possibly imagine, packed into one and it’s something I’ve always wanted to explore. Mutual prostitution. Gotta love it. 

There’s also this other girl who I’m talking to and we started chatting recently and we get along super well. It was actually quite embarrassing how we introduced each other because I was talking to this other girl over tumblr and I asked her out on a date, but she said no and that’s something I can happily respect. Anyway, so she sends me a snapchat and she’s with this other girl and I look at it and I’m kinda like… “She looks oddly familiar” and it turns out to be that other girl!

(I’d sent the other girl a message earlier)

The best thing is that I can just be myself with her and we basically flirt for hours over kik and it’s the best thing, cause it’s just lame insults and it’s a lot of fun. We’re also really open about sex n’ all that, so there’s no real awkward tension between us, which is sweet. She suggested I meet up with her friend in the snapchat, so that’s something I’m really looking forward to, if it ever happens.

…not to mention all the other girls I’m talking to. I think the only real reason I was so quick to go back to commitment after my first relationship, was because I was incredibly insecure about finding love and so I was scrambling to fulfil my own sense of shame. Now that I see things a little clearer, I think I just want to have fun, unless of course if I meet a really nice girl who I develop a deep and mutual connection for. Which would be almost preferable, but it’s not something I’m gong to worry about. If it happens, then it happens.

Ya. If you haven’t noticed, I’m a real family man who touts faux wisdom like it’s purified air… heavily disguised as the slut from mantador (fictional for ‘fuck you’). Mind ye, I only just lost my virginity eight months ago, so I have a lot of catch up to do. Contact me if you’d like to join in on the fun!

*hastily picks up phone*

beep… beep… beep…