---
id: "82467729449"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "neutral."
summary: "neutral."
date: "2014-04-12 10:43:00 GMT"
slug: "neutral"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,fear,worry,lost,future,grief,neutral,thoughts,love,break up,hurt,pain"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CpTR0f"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82467729449/neutral"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I guess I feel somewhat… neutralised.

I’m not sad. I’m not angry. I feel quite impartial to my situation, though I don’t know if this is just temporary. I feel a strong sense of calmness, as if I’ve successfully overcome my grief. I probably haven’t. Though I can’t help feel a bit, “What’s the point with having all these crazy emotions?” I just want to sit down and relax.

Part of me realises that I’ve experienced a great loss in my life. I find my situation incredibly traumatic to deal with and no matter how hard I look, it keeps staring me down like an evil face on the wall. I mean, obviously it’d be nice to have someone to hold and cuddle and tell you how special you are, but that just isn’t the way it is. I feel helpless, though not distraught. I’d still love to have a girlfriend, but you know what: I don’t see the point in worrying.

There isn’t a strong sense of victory in my heart, but I can at least acknowledge that I’ve lost my battle and accept the fact that I’m not exactly where I want to be. A humble mind is a most efficient tool. At the very least, I have my emotional security under order. I don’t want to have to cry or beat myself up for losing out on what I thought was an amazing deal, however I can imagine the pain will fluctuate over the coming weeks/months.

It’s so weird post break up. It feels… different. It’s not the same. Life yet again becomes a challenge. It feels like I’m playing an intricate game of emotional survival. It’s exciting, yet completely terrifying at the same time.

I see no point in fighting myself. I give up. Please, have all the thoughts in my head. Take away all my worry and self-rejection. I don’t want it anymore. I just want to be happy. I want to move on and see what the future has in store for me.

Thank you for all the people who talked to me and helped me sort out the thoughts in my head. I think it’s really helped and at the end of the day, you can fix just about anything with enough perspective. I’ll admit to my own irrationality and delusion having experienced something as harsh as this, but I still would like to at least recall the humanity within my soul. I’m a fool, but a petty one at that.

It wouldn’t be right to say it sucks to not have a girlfriend, because that would not be accepting it. A better way of putting it, is that it sucks not to be happy and that’s what I should be. I should be happy with myself and happiness isn’t something you have to deal with. You deal with worry. You deal with fear, because all these things are fabrications in your mind. You create them. Happiness is already there inside you.

You just have to want it.