---
id: "82830843755"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "odd."
summary: "odd."
date: "2014-04-15 22:24:00 GMT"
slug: "odd"
state: "published"
tags: "writer,ideas,concecpts,thoughts,hilarious,perspective,understanding,love,laughter"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1D96bzh"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82830843755/odd"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I feel very odd as a writer.

On the one hand, I use this outlet as a way to explore some of the psychological/spiritual outlets in my life. On the other, I also like the explore the grammatical irregularities and inconsistencies in logic, which bring about those tiny little smiles on my face. Make no mistake dear listener! This is a mere reflection of my personality and I’m fucked.

I have a predisposition towards myself. I simply cannot take anything seriously.

Feminism makes me crack up.

The patriarchy: oh, deary me.

Human rights? HA! What the fuck are rights when a rocket comes down from across the border and kills an entire building of people!?

There are very few things which evoke a deep sense of disturbance within me, which I suppose is a possible coping mechanism to deal with the trauma of my very existence. Perhaps I had no friends growing up, so I had to create my own entertainment. It could be all those hash brownies as a child. Maybe, just maybe, I had to see the hilarity in everything, including my own demise.

Enter thy word. My funny play things :3

I suppose that’s to say that I treat my life as if it were one big parody. I am the running joke of my own existence, so much so, that I see things through the tinted lens of the complete servitude towards my own emotions.

eyy, not so funny now? Is it… ah, fuckyas. Yoose never wanna talking me :(

I mean, if you think of all the hate and anger in this world, where has it actually gotten us? These feelings are basic mechanisms that are used to manipulate others and when everyone is so busy trying to spew their own agenda, it gets in the way of an honest and profound conversation that provokes real change. People spend so much time hating themselves, that they practically become as useless as their own thoughts.

Yes. I get it.

Some of my ideas are radical and I’m certainly no reflection of the optimal human experience. But I’m doing some things right, aren’t I?

I don’t comfort eat garbage. I don’t take drugs. I don’t engage in self-harm. I don’t have body positivity issues. I don’t hate myself. I’m not a critical or judgemental person. I look after myself, both physically and mentally. I’m happy. Like, just plain happy to live. I don’t really have any negative thoughts floating around in that head of mine (which mind you, were plenty in abundance not so long ago).

Hell, you could even go as far as to say that I unconditionally love myself. That’s more than most people can say.

If people just learnt to laugh at their problems, the slow degradation into eventual death wouldn’t feel so threatening any more. Below is an excerpt into how I feel about life, taken from age 21.

“Life is the best thing fucking thing in the whole entire world and I’m not going to take it for granted!”

I want to fuck life in the ass and produce quintuplets. That’s how much I love it. Though if you’ve learnt absolutely nothing from reading this, let me tell you this one thing now:

Happiness is nothing more than an expression of your own love. Though be careful now. Many people misinterpret their own idea of “happiness” for their own inner judgements and criticisms, despite feeling miserable. At this point, they think it’s because they’re broken or because they’ve forgotten how to love. LOL.

Live it. Embrace it… aaaaaand let’s bomb the fuckers back! /sarc