---
id: "87675881515"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "over."
summary: "over."
date: "2014-06-03 06:36:11 GMT"
slug: "over"
state: "published"
tags: "independent,respect,love,dating,relationship,desperation,fear,anxiety,sex,horny"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HfuyWh"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87675881515/over"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

I don’t know if I’m over women, but I certainly feel like the whole thing is one great big scam. I mean, I’ve talked to such a wide range of girls and I’ve gone through enough emotionally crushing dating experiences to grasp my own desperation with and I think… I’m just over the whole thing. 

Love is such a complicated issue and the reality of it is that it can’t be forced it and that really doesn’t bother me. In fact, love is generally something that happens unintentionally. If you’re amazing friends with a girl, then chances are you’re going to fall in-love anyway at some point. If not, then keep the pain coming. 

There’s a fine balance I’ve discovered with girls and by the same token, all my male friends have said the exact same thing; which is that all the really interesting, smart, desirable girls are completely unstable on a mental basis. Take it from me, another mentally unstable guy - well, most guys by definition. It’s always some sort of crushing depression or some sort of extreme trauma and I think it just makes relationships incredibly overrated.

I don’t think it’s such a bad thing to be single. It just means you haven’t found a girl yet worth sharing your life with and I don’t see why that should be a reflection of your own character. I’m no less of a person because of it. I am simply human. 

Don’t get me wrong; I’m the delusional romantic idealistic. I mean, perhaps more than anything else in the world, I miss having a girl to cuddle and spoon. I can’t tell you how much I miss it. It’s one of those things that would make me so incredibly happy, if only life were so idealistic. I want to be held more than anything else in the whole entire world. Touch is always how I’ve expressed my love and everyone wants to feel loved.

However, under no circumstances, am I going to feel inferior for who I am for not living within a false reality in my mind and this past week has been amazing in terms of breaking free of my emotional dependence. I don’t really feel insecure any more. I think I owe it all to giving up masturbation/pornography, because it’s given me so much power over the way I feel about women. 

When you consume porn, it’s as if women become nothing more than mere sex objects. Not in a literal sense, but you’re constantly horny and couldn’t think of anything better, than to just fuck till your balls drop.

Now however, there’s a certain apathy towards women. I just don’t care. Like, it’s great that you have tits and everything, but I just want to read a book. I’d only ever consider having sex with you if I had feelings for you and chances are, it already would’ve happened by now.

I’m not really sure about this girl I’m talking to at the moment. She has some really great qualities and think she’s incredible to some degree, but I can’t help but feel that she doesn’t really care enough to be in a relationship. It feels like such a massive chore to win her over, to the point where I’m questioning why she’s even bothering. Why on earth should I have to try and win ANYTHING over? I don’t know if it’s resistance, but I feel like we’re both too scared to talk about our feelings and how we feel. Even then, she may not even care, so whatever. I feel there’s a certain element of fear in our interaction, but I shouldn’t feel like I’m constantly treading on then ice. 

I’m not going to fall into the trap of creating something that’s entirely one-sided. No thank you. I have self-respect and I’m going to exercise it.