---
id: "81981812599"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "oxytocin."
summary: "oxytocin."
date: "2014-04-07 11:04:00 GMT"
slug: "oxytocin"
state: "published"
tags: "oxytocin,love,relationships,wellness,happiness,life,emotions,support,break up,balance,attitude,girlfriend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CMVozt"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81981812599/oxytocin"
noteCount: "28"
format: "html"
---

Perhaps the hardest thing about recovering from a break up, is replacing that primary source of oxytocin in your life (your partner). Oxytocin is that feel good attachment/love chemical, which is pretty much the answer to ending depression (either by attaching to yourself or another). While there are many sources of oxytocin (exercise, giving gifts etc.) the most effective source is via pair bonding, which is the forming of an emotional connection between two partners as we commonly do via bonding. The unique thing about oxytocin, is that it doesn’t have to generated from that special someone. Whenever you kiss a person, hug them, look into their eyes or develop connection with them, you produce oxytocin and take makes you feel “regular”.

That’s why you feel so emotionally insecure after you break up with someone, because all of a sudden, a large proportion of that emotional support you got from the other person, or your own oxytocin, is gone and you have to find other ways to get that emotional fix. The alternative is to find destructive fixes via dopamine mechanisms as per your reward circuitry i.e. addiction, which are generally more available, though worse for you in the long run.

I’d love to have a girl where we could just cuddle and watch movies and it wouldn’t even have to be anything significant, though at the very least you’d be feeling good about yourself because of maintaining a neurochemical balance. At the very least, I suppose I’m going to have to start working out on a regular basis again and really spend a good amount of time playing with my dog (pets are also a great source of oxytocin).

I suppose it all comes down to an expression of love at the end of the day, but it just takes a certain attitude to really appreciate it. While I’m no longer fixed on my ex, I haven’t yet found it in me to love myself and that’s really the next step. Of course, unless if I find another girlfriend.