---
id: "86198202015"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "product."
summary: "product."
date: "2014-05-19 09:25:00 GMT"
slug: "product"
state: "published"
tags: "thoughts,mind,free,worry,memories,trauma,time,concept,high school,out cast,remember,tragic"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GHq2wV"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86198202015/product"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I was thinking earlier… I truly am a product of my own environment. If you’d gone through the same shit I went through: all those negative experiences, as well as the positive; you’d have the very man before you today.

Just as you yourself are unique. In a sense, it almost makes everything seem less tragic. All of a sudden, I’m just a replica of the chemistry surrounding me. Though really, I can’t help but feel so outcast. Part of me doesn’t want to be a botched laboratory experiment. Unfortunately elemental reactions don’t discriminate against the wants and needs of a few.

They propel them.

I don’t tend to consciously remember much about my past, even though I’ve gone through quite a lot of hell. Maybe that’s why I write; to consolidate the trauma on paper so it doesn’t have to remain toxic in my mind.

There was a moment at my friend’s 21st where we all had to come up with amusing stories from high school and quite honestly, my mind went blank. I couldn’t remember a single thing.

I had no memories from high school. In my mind, they weren’t memories worth keeping.

Not now. Not ever.

I think that’s why self-awareness works for me to an extent. I’ve been so traumatised by the past, that I cannot bare to think about what happened yesterday, let alone the past week. Maybe that’s why time goes really slowly for me.

I have no real concept of “the weekday” in my mind. Everything is just one constant blur of night and day. I like it better like that.

I don’t want to have to worry about who I am or who I should become. I want to be free of my own stigma. I don’t want to think about my heart break or my broken friendships or the people who fucked me over or the negative things which my past seem to associate my madness.

I want to be free.

I would say this feeling of “being” is something that is relatively little new to me. I don’t feel as confused as I used to be, however the struggle is still apparent. I don’t feel so alone.

Rather, let me put it this way. Any day where I don’t cry or delving into my own unravelling negativity, is a day worth having in my books.

I want to remember. Maybe not.