---
id: "81533656209"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "prone."
summary: "prone."
date: "2014-04-02 23:54:00 GMT"
slug: "prone"
state: "published"
tags: "prose,writing,literature,arrogance,spilled ink,character,pimp,imagination,abuse,sex,violence"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BxoDoH"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81533656209/prone"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

It’s true. I know what you’re thinking. That’s right. He got it. uh huh. He got it. A massive cock that don’t look back. Killer abs. Check out the accuracy on that shaft; it speaks volumes against that mushy mushy on your touchy muchy. ya. Dollar for your penny. You see my money, you bitch, cause you got hoe ears. blind fuck. Just a ching-a for your bling; girls hanging off each arm like some sort of armada into the black parade.

Fucker. 

Listen here you shmuck. I worked my ass off to build this image; my empire of a fuck-you-a-tude to the small folk of downtown pissed on sentiment. You see these thighs? You betta open those god damn nigger eyes, you insignificant fuck. I killed bitches with these thighs, just so I could get to the hot ones. Now, they flourish in my own little haven of smutt and candy and don’t be telling all the boys you’re a pretty piece of fly, cause you ain’t part of the club sugar; candy chaff whore.

Sugar is like a delicious teat to your soul… hey you. yeah you. Slurp it up putty face; it neutralises the taste of my semen, so get used to the R-E-A-L-I-T-Y FUCKING YOU IN THE GOD DAMN ASSHOLE. Now lick my rim you bitch. You don’t even know where that is, do you? Fucking eat it, if those hoe ears can’t see where the money is.

Discard. Splatter. Fat cunt. Does it look like you’re worth killing? I wouldn’t even put a bullet through that fucking double chin of yours. It’s not my responsibility to fuck with your guilt; god has no intentions of inheriting the shame that you launder. You’re already death; sitting hopeless on an empty platter of your broken desires. A big fat fucking death, waiting to be carried away on that piece of shit logic you inhabit. You mimic scum, because you ARE scum. I don’t think I could fuck a girl with a double chin, but I could sure as hell rape a fat fucking broad right now. Look at me in my fucking eyes while I nurture you, you fat fucking asshole of a thing.

Thank you for observing my imagination.