---
id: "82786027828"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "prose."
summary: "prose."
date: "2014-04-15 12:57:08 GMT"
slug: "prose"
state: "published"
tags: "artist,prose,writing,spilled ink,lame,color,famous,weed"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1D6Reaq"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82786027828/prose"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

My mum is a famous artist (relatively, I suppose). At the very least, she makes her living from it and she’s drawn heap of famous people i.e. Sam Newman nude and she’s got an art dealer n’ all that. She even drew a picture of me for the Archibald prize and it came second place that year!

Anyway, as you can imagine, my life isn’t exactly typical. I had a lot of weird artist-type people living in my house (oh, I remember one guy tried to grow a marijuana plant in the backyard and I asked him what it was and he said it was tomatoes lol) with many of them abusive and plain wrong. Tomato guy ended up killing himself.

There was this one guy who lived with us and oh boy, he was an alcoholic but he had a nice heart and he was also an artist from France and I could talk about him for hours. I think he’s living in a remote farm in the country, last time I visited him.

I was on the phone with him earlier and he wrote this little introduction for my mother and I thought I might post it here, since I had to transcribe what he was saying:

“First, I strive to create a new way to express artistic forms and volume with different tones of color. I give the illusion of form by manipulating color and by putting it into perspective, so that gives the feeling of deep penetration. I concentrate on the composition of color; planes leaving towards abstract and revealing my feelings; imagining visions and emotional experiences rather than to depict objects as seen by the naked eye. Personally, I feel it is essential for painting to convey an emotional message in an impressive manner; revealing abstract harmony into the emotional flight of imagination.”

weak.