---
id: "86162180690"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "proud."
summary: "proud."
date: "2014-05-19 00:30:00 GMT"
slug: "proud"
state: "published"
tags: "positive,body,break up,recovery,grateful,attitude,work out,exercise,choice,peace,calm,mind,aesthetics,women,insecure"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GFgefI"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86162180690/proud"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I think “proud” is the feeling I most associate with this morning. I woke up today at 9:30am (which cannot be helped, since you require more sleep when you work out) and I looked at my body in the mirror and I felt a sense of… responsibility. “I’m responsible for that body. I did all that exercise and here’s this muscular boy, standing in front of me today.”

I look amazing. I’ve been doing this for a while now and I’m grateful for the amount definition I have. I don’t know if I’m going to get any bigger (obviously I will), but I really look forward to pushing my definition and getting all those ripples on my body. I love my body and I don’t complain, criticise or condemn it.

I respect it.

While everyone appreciates a good body, I’m not particularly doing this because of what it brings to my aesthetics. I’ve always been about health, first and foremost. I don’t care what people think of me when I go out in public. I’m the kind of guy who’ll dress homeless in old attire my mother bought me 7 years ago. You wouldn’t be able to spot the definition from a mile away, as I wear these saggy, cotton pants. Most my jeans are tarnished in some way or another.

The big thing to realise about all this, is that my work out is a choice on my behalf. No one asked me to do it. There’s no ultimatum involved. This is my own intuition speaking and it basically demonstrates that you can do anything, as long as you put your mind to it. Of course, it’s something you have to experience in order to properly understand.

Calm and at peace. Maybe it’s temporary? Who knows. I just want to cherish the present feeling with all my heart. It’s a really nice day today. Once I woke up, decided to go outside to get my Vitamin D, as well as play with the dog. I love that dog so much. He means so much to me.

Then it sort of hit me; I hadn’t thought about women or my insecurities much over these past few days. My first horrible break up. My second. All the shit I’d gone through over the past 9 months. It didn’t matter. I was living in the moment and that’s a wonderful thing.

I wish to be happy. I don’t wish to wait for my happiness. Happiness only pleases though who can procure the will to appreciate it. Happiness is already there. It’s already right in front of us.

It just takes a certain attitude to realise it.