---
id: "86592618530"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "quotes."
summary: "quotes."
date: "2014-05-23 12:57:52 GMT"
slug: "quotes"
state: "published"
tags: "quotes,quote"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GfKe0Y"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86592618530/quotes"
noteCount: "1"
format: "html"
---

I feel incredibly stupid as a human being, though exceedingly cautious. Who am I talking to and why?

This fucking cup has no water in it.

I’m either a horrible man or I write children’s literature. I’m sure we can sell a class for both :)

If I start doing meth now, I can save at least a thousand dollars not being alive later.

I look terrible and I’m covered in semen. I guess it’s kinda a 90s’ thing I got rocking.

Dicks with chicks. That’s what kept the Baby Boomers going.

I’m feeling excessively violent, though that could just be my excessive violence.

Life is just one big idea you must convey to others. What’s important is how you sell it and to whom.

Humans really aren’t all that different. Trauma and empathy; staples we couldn’t live without.

I write. I read. Then I regurgitate when I read into what I write and then my bank account flashes zero and I cry for hours at a time. Now my cat’s dead.

I’m incredibly proud of myself, as hard as it is to.. strainn… these… fucking… aghhhh.

I love to write, because in a sense, I’m having a conversation with myself. It’s my brain fucking with thy. Oh, and how it loves to fuck. Word sex. It’s how you sell it baby.

I’m at least alright looking, so I can get away with some pretty bad damage.

I just want to kill people and eat them and murder them and befriend them.

The great thing about facebook is that you can sell yourself however you want.

I whore my body because it’s by far the cheapest thing I have. Few are deserving of words.