---
id: "88276594925"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "research."
summary: "research."
date: "2014-06-09 14:41:00 GMT"
slug: "research"
state: "private"
tags: "thoughts,charts,porn,projection,uni,essay,assignment,monash,research"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1IDiV3j"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/88276594925/research"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I worked my ass off to finish this research essay before midnight and it was supposed to be 2,500 words long, but I sneaked in at a creepy 2,000 and judging by the fact that a lot of people haven’t even handed it in yet, despite the 5pm deadline today, we all cannot help but feel that I’m going to get a good mark on this project. 

I spent AGES making these fucking graphs and my god. Fuck you. I’m going to show you these graphs, if not to validate ENTIRE YEARS spent making these ghastly things. 

Chart porn. Why don’t you masturbate to that, fucker. 

Oh man, I honestly have no idea if my project makes any sense, at all. The whole thing is belligerently weak, however the premise has bite. I hope to do at least decently well, enough to pass this course with. I think it’ll be a close 50, as it usually is :p

I had a joint just then and quite clearly, reality has transcended into something greater; mush. I am in conceptual heaven /sarc

Now if that chart makes no sense to you, perhaps you’d like to cop this one, mate. 

Oh gee, how fucking PROFESSIONAL of you there. Someone please grab me and violate my right to self-emancipation. Bitch. I am the queen of pity and you are my silly fool. Dripple. Drapper. Dead man walking. Do not live. 

Why, oh why do I try???

Pass >50

I want to pass so bad like you cannot believe. 

It’s funny how I always seem to push things to the edge, every single time. It’s like I’m addicted to struggle. Like, I quite literally left renewing my passport until some two weeks away from travelling overseas. I hadn’t even a birth certificate, so I had to order that as well and within the 2 weeks, I managed to get my passport in a nick of time.

I do this with just about everything. I leave everything to the last moment.

I blame my mother. I kid you not, she travels overseas several times a year, often for very long periods of time and she’ll pack a few hours before leaving and she becomes this complete mental wreck. She’s complaining about not having any time to pack, despite leaving packing to the very last moment. I don’t understand it. If anything, I’ve picked up my mother’s impatience. 

Welcome to reality. 

Sir.