---
id: "84714398635"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "roll on."
summary: "roll on."
date: "2014-05-04 13:14:00 GMT"
slug: "roll-on"
state: "published"
tags: "orgasm,masturbation,porn,no fap,abstinence,will power,control,self-control,addiction"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EvNoEh"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84714398635/roll-on"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Well, fuck ya.

Here I am, sitting on the floor like some sort of inane piece of crap. My shoes are mouldy and I can barely breathe in-amongst this inhospitable air; feigned purely for my own pleasure. It prickles the very essence of my throat; protruding desire like a hot candle thrust into my eye. This is the fourth turning folks.

So listen here.

You can’t blame me for trying, because this damn floor is a nice sit. It’s comfortable. It has all the carpet you’ve ever wanted for the exact price you’ve ever wanted it at. I’m licking it with my cock; oh how it relaxes into the burn like a petite solider in black lace. duh fuck. 

I have plans to live. That means getting up off this floor. However the addiction holds you down like a poor fucker at the zoo; clawing it’s grasp into these tiny little fuck-eyes I’ve got planned to see. I don’t rely on these sick animals for my judgement. I will not allow them to credit my meat for another bite longer.

Porn fucks with you. It has me firmly where it wants me; sandwiched in-between my own incompetence and the letter of disgrace which holds me to my own name. Silly me.

Well, here I try again.

I hope you wish me well. I’m heading back to the standing desk. I’m going to clean all those fucking dishes I need cleaned. I’m going to continue with my study. I’m going to be exercising. However before all that, I must write up a framework. Otherwise I’ll never succeed. Self-a-whatness now?

You know I went 28 days without orgasm. That’s a fucking effort. This is also in-spite of my recent break up. But I did it. It’s my tale to tell and fuck you, I will do it again.

It’s been exactly one week since I relapsed.

Let’s make it another 28 days and beyond, shall we?

Oh, fuck it. I think I’m going to be dating this nice Jewish lady, so let’s put that on hold. At the very least, I vow not to masturbate and watch porn, unless if it’s to Schindler’s list. Roll on