---
id: "81624816994"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "sax."
summary: "sax."
date: "2014-04-03 22:52:00 GMT"
slug: "sax"
state: "published"
tags: "text post,words,writing,passion,blog,love,relationship,sex,chemistry,tease,flirt"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1C1DzrY"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81624816994/sax"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Just to make myself clear, I’m not interested in having sex with anyone.

Listen. I’ll fondle you, push you against the wall and start making out with you, go on cute dates, comfort you, spoon you, tease you, lick you out from underneath the table, finger you with my elbow on public transport, send you cutesy snapchats, flirty texts, slap you really hard and pretend to play innocent, buy you food, excite you, hold your hand, watch movies with you etc.

But anything involving my own personal orgasm? Probably not.

I’m no longer insecure about love/relationships/sex - I do this blog because I have a genuine passion for writing. It’s all I really do with my spare time and I already have close to 30 written drafts since starting this blog.

Love is something that just happens; it’s not an aspect of anyone’s life that should be of great concern, though I certainly don’t blame anyone who’s insecure in this regard. I used to be incredibly insecure, of course, up until I found love and then the insecurity kinda faded and now I feel happy to be alive.

People worry that they’re not special enough or that they won’t find that special someone, which is why it would probably help to focus on loving yourself first. Otherwise, the relationship will be built on insecurity and will most likely fail. Though with that said, I feel the experience for most people is, that they fall in-love, become completely dependent upon that person, lose them, then realise how important it is to be independent.

Ah yes, the cycle of life. If the chemistry is right, it pretty much flourishes from the get go. Participation becomes your own requirement. Justification then becomes an entirely different thing. 

It helps to think about how you best express love and your emotions, because if you’re ever to find someone who’s similar to you - a person you can love - chances are that they express themselves just like you! Be it dance, music or whatever.

I think the only reason why people don’t be themselves, is because they’re insecure about limiting their search and not finding the right person, when really, it actually helps them find that special someone sooner. The more people you lose in your life, the more specific your outcome and it quickly shows who’s worth keeping and who’s not worth. 

imo, I have a lot of amazing people in my life so I’m quite grateful.