---
id: "85564588855"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "secure."
summary: "secure."
date: "2014-05-12 22:32:00 GMT"
slug: "secure"
state: "published"
tags: "friendship,text,writing,thoughts,sex,women,relationships,insecure,love,perspective,melbourne,girls,party,pick up"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Fi30Ct"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85564588855/secure"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I bought a Sansevieria cactus from a 77 year old Asian man and I think it’s going to flourish into a fruitful friendship. It’s basically made me realise that life isn’t all about about sex/women/relationships. Interestingly relevant to the topic at hand.

There’s a few things I want to say. Some I can, some I can’t.

Firstly, that I no longer feel insecure about love/women. It’s an amazing feeling to have. Honestly at this stage, I could care less whether I get my dick wet or not. Seriously, give me a fucking book to read or something. If the girl is nice and interesting enough, then sure, I’ll give her my undeserving attention. If not, den wat duh fuk bro?

I think it’s a huge matter of perspective for me. I lost my virginity 9 months ago and my first relationship was only a few months less than that. Heart break made me incredibly insecure and confused about my life. I thought I’d lost the girl of my dreams. Now however, I think I’ve experienced enough of the good/bad of union, to truly appreciate and accept love/relationships for what they are. It’s an incredibly feeling to have; to be experienced in this sort of thing and I think that was the ambition from the beginning.

Deal with this shit now while you’re young. Oh, and please call it an equilibrium of sorts.

I’ve had girls I’ve really liked leave me out of the blue. I’ve left girls who’ve also really liked me. I used to be that incredibly clingy “you define my self-worth” kind of boyfriend. I’ve experienced women treat me the same way…. and the list goes on and on, however I feel a lot more comfortable with everything now.

Love. Proper relationships. Infatuation. Obsession. You name it. I’ve experienced it from an extreme delusion, down to a minor inconvenience.

As much as I’d like to be in a concrete relationship with a girl I love, I would like to think of the “desperation” of romance as a phase within my life. Just like how drugs were a phase, like how poetry was a phase, as was vegetarianism. I’m in it for the experience and the variety; not the desperation.

If someone’s offering weed at a party, I’m not going to say no and I almost feel the same way about romance. I don’t crave it, so much as I’m willing to appreciate it if the opportunity arises. Also, I think I’ve more than demonstrated to myself that I have no issue getting girls. I was at a 21st party last Friday and let me tell you, wow.

It’s really fucking easy if you’re not retarded and trust me, I used to be incredibly retarded.