---
id: "85677530535"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "sell."
summary: "sell."
date: "2014-05-14 01:18:33 GMT"
slug: "sell"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,ideas,mind,images,conceptual,notion,hot,thoughts,text,spilled ink,boobs,negative"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Fonrsd"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85677530535/sell"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

People sell sex to you and unconsciously, you buy it. 

“Here. Take my sex. You want sex? Have some sex.”

When that stunningly gorgeous broad walks by you? You just got sold sex buddy. When you’re watching porn and the girl staring you down is clad thick in baby oil and lingerie? You just got sold sex, bud-ay.

Now you don’t have to buy it, but who’s going to turn down sex? Well, only those susceptible and unaware of their image. 

Sex, my friend, is an image. It’s an idea in your mind.

No more images. Free your mind.

Sometimes you’ll talk to girls with massive breasts and massive butts and it’s like, wow. I want that. I want that now. They talk of threesomes and they send you pictures of their body so liberally, like a tease you wish weren’t a dream. You’re being sold the possibility; subtle image hidden deep.

Of course, you cannot have it. You’re not part of the ‘crowd’. So in essence, you end up comparing yourself to what is essentially an idea in your mind and you feel terrible. Sorry mate, but you’re not the image of sex they sell. You are NOTHING.

Stop living a lie. I refuse to live a lie. I refuse to feel bad for no reason.

Though I am thankful. Thankful for my blood.

What people don’t realise however, is that these hot girls are more suckered into the image than you are. They’re living the image in real-time, with no hint of self-awareness to save them from their dilemma. They suffer greatly. 

That’s why I almost feel sorry for hot girls. They’re so convinced by their own image, that they cannot relate to anything else. It’s a severe disease, especially when it becomes so convincing to the point that you cannot possibly devise the intricate human inside you.

Do not let the image dictate your self-worth. Otherwise you will pay the ultimate price of your incompetence.

Product, please meet your environment.

Discrimination, your humble Asian friend.