---
id: "82873835129"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "severe."
summary: "severe."
date: "2014-04-16 07:01:46 GMT"
slug: "severe"
state: "published"
tags: "flirt,tease,seduction,love,relationships,honest,manipulate,sex,game,writing,feminism,vegan,poetry"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DBgbvv"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82873835129/severe"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

Uh, I have a severe problem when it comes to seduction.

Here’s the thing. I’ve read all the books. I’ve studied all those thingymagigs to tell me to do those wang-wangawigs. I know how it all works and what to do. With the right technique, you can just about convince any person to love you; it’s been done over and over again, time and time over (hilariously, the intelligent ones are even more gullible). I understand that there are a lot of theories such as social proofing that I have no qualms with IN theory, buuuuttttt…

I’m just too honest. I don’t want to lie and manipulate, yet that’s what’s required (actually, that’s kinda bullshit. I most certainly lie). 

People don’t like honesty. Not so surprisingly, they despise it with their life. Say hello to our man of the hour: the shadow of your delusion. 

You see, the problem is that people think honesty is a matter of truth.

It isn’t.

Honesty is a matter of open feeling. If you feel dumb and ugly to me, then that’s no reflection of your own beauty. This is purely personal buddy. The truth is, everyone is beautiful. I’m simply incapable of embracing it ;)

HA. Gotta love perspective. Positive. Negative. These are just words baby.

Telling a girl that you want to have sex with her, is not going to get her to have sex with you. Now, I know EXACTLY what I have to do to get a girl to have sex with me, but quite frankly, I don’t have that sort of integrity and patience. 

Which is okay. I’m simply being mah self. Which really is to say that there is no right or wrong way to play the game. In fact, it’s difficult to argue whether I’m playing game or not; though we all are to some degree.

Gee folks, I’m just a writer. Perhaps I would rather just entertain and write than make girls feel pretty? 

In a sense, I’m battling nature here. I don’t want to go with the flow. I want to beat my head against the wall, until my acid filled brain ends up in some sort of ER.

I suppose that’s a crucial insight into the way I think. I cannot accept humanity for what it is, as I cannot accept myself, so therefore I must keep trying until I “win” my own little moral battle. I think that’s why I was so stoked when I found first girlfriend. Despite going against the trend, I managed to find someone who was like me and not like ‘them’.

If you need me, I’ll be writing some feminist/vegan poetry.

I mean, uh…