---
id: "83041953321"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "sex."
summary: "sex."
date: "2014-04-17 23:54:00 GMT"
slug: "sex"
state: "published"
tags: "sex,orgasm,flirt,tease,seduction,intellectual,girls,hot,mind,melbourne,image"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DLhwOf"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83041953321/sex"
noteCount: "10"
format: "html"
---

Sex means different things to different people.

For most people, sex is a really good image. It’s the chase; the anticipation. It’s an idea that plays in people’s minds like a repeating gif within their imagination. That’s why a lot of hot girls don’t rely on penetration to have sex, because they are sex to a large extent. They are what drive sex and it’s own internal demands. It’s the guys who are the real suckers in this scenario.

Breasts really are the unmovable mountains in our mind. 

You see, sex is all in the brain. It’s a highly intellectual construct. That’s why it’s important for me to find someone who’s good at flirt (which, within itself, relies on a high degree of intelligence and wit for effective communication) and someone who knows how to tease me, otherwise the ‘sex’ simply isn’t there. Even if I possibly end up convincing a girl to the point of penetration, as long as the 'sex’ isn’t within my mind, then there’s really no point to the endeavour.

Most of the people I talk to have terrible game. They don’t really have a good grasp on this concept of sex and how to use it to their advantage. Of course, that’s perfectly fine. Not everyone is wired like that.

I’m simply interested in people who are. 

Sex is a very powerful motivator and that’s why I love to flirt with power and it’s struggle. It’s a gigantic world of emotions and strings to pull. It gives you girth. That’s why I refrain from orgasm: so I can re-channel my sexual energy into creative pursuits that ultimately lead me not just to sex, but the kind of sex that produces profound orgasms.

That’s why I write and rely on words for my communication. It’s not that I’m not pretty or anything. I mean, fuck. I have this hot, muscular body that I really would like to flaunt and take artsy pictures of, but that’s aside from the point. I don’t really care what a girl looks like; only how she can use her mind to influence the sex in mine.

In a sense, this is a self-defeating cycle. Once I do secure regular sex, it then becomes a complete breakdown of the wonderful system conjured.

In fact, this is exactly what happened with my ex. Dammit. We were having regular sex and then I realised how crap it was (not just for me, but also for our relationship) and we tried to give up again, but then she left me for another guy.

I wonder why I do this to a large extent, though I suppose this is an inherently biological pathway I’m pursuing.

Fuck it.