---
id: "87549356930"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "six(y)"
summary: "six(y)"
date: "2014-06-02 01:12:20 GMT"
slug: "sixy"
state: "published"
tags: "recovery,addiction,masturbation,pornography,no fap,orgasm"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HYMIk2"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87549356930/sixy"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Oh wow, so that last post was atrociously written. I took to the liberty of rewriting it. 

So, it’s day six in my journey to quit pornography/masturbation and things are cruising along fine. I’m not going to say it’s impossible to give up pornography/masturbation indefinitely because chances are, I’m going to relapse many, many times over the next couple of years due to various reasons, however I’m slowly getting there and I’m not going to make judgement on my ability to do so. According to the various reports I’ve read, it takes people a various number of years in both success and failure before reaching some sort of consensus. Sure, that’s no excuse, but it’s always important to try and you put yourself into other people’s shoes, regardless of how absurd they come across. 

Anyway, I woke up today with the most intense morning wood and it lasted for hours, which is a great sign. It means I’m slowly regaining sensitivity, as my brain adjusts itself to a world of normality.

Put it this way. If you’re drinking soft drink every day, obviously soft drink is going to begin to taste bland. However if you revert back to water, slowly sugar will regain some sort of meaning to your life and even normal water, will taste delicious within itself. 

I’m trying my hardest. I know that it may not mean a lot to anyone, but I’ve always cared about myself, even if I don’t show it. I have a genuine desire to improve and become a better version of myself. I may not get there straight away, but never in my life have a truly given up on myself. There have been times where I’ve displayed an extreme cynicism, however I see that as a necessary evil. Break down or give up.

Crumble me please. Sometimes you have the taste the insanity, in order for you to truly grasp the reality you so desire to distort.

I’m feeling very hopeful, though I know hope isn’t real and is the primary cause of my downfall. I suppose ‘realistic’ is the term I’m looking for. I say this, because I actually have the clarity to battle my pornography addiction. I haven’t been so overcome by depression these past few weeks. It’s a very liberating feeling. I can concentrate. I can live. I can learn. 

Depression is the main thing which prevents you from progressing. As much as you know that masturbating five times a day is stupid and pointless, you’re completely irrational to your choices and you have zero control over anything. You lie there in a pit of misery so deep, that the pain becomes a mere remnant of what you’d hoped to become. Basic thought becomes a challenge. 

It’s of uttermost importance that I keep my emotions in check and I think I’m doing a splendid job doing so. It’s not so much a challenge, as it is a constant effort. Prevention. Prevention. Prevention. 

I will not give up. Transition away… and now I’m gone.