---
id: "84197989260"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "slave."
summary: "slave."
date: "2014-04-29 04:35:00 GMT"
slug: "slave"
state: "published"
tags: "porn,orgasm,masturbation,slave,society,sex,rape,gang bang,humanity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EQbrkC"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84197989260/slave"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

It’s funny how humans function more efficiently as slaves than they do as free people. 

Yet again, I have become a slave to orgasm, masturbation and pornography. It’s a sobering state of mind, but it seems to work for me. There’s already been three events today and quite frankly I’ve also been studying and doing homework to cope with the madness. It’s an even, though lopsided battle for sanity.

I feel dull. Incredibly dull. Girls no longer excite me and my confidence is shot. It’s an apathetic struggle which drags you along the floor at an excruciatingly slow pace; only to find the demeanour in which your hobble kicks at the tip of these lickity thumbs.

It works.

It just does.

It stops you from thinking. It’s a haze of non-excitement, as you pick up your text book and cheer.

“I can’t quite find my gun and I’m sordidly out of bullets, so I suppose it’s a workday for me.”

The crowd dies a hazy pink.

There’s something pathetic about it. In fact, I don’t enjoy doing it at all. Porn disgusts me. I hate it. The very idea makes me feel sick, up until the initial desensitization. Then it captures you and fucks with your heart.

I don’t know what it is, but I have this thing for gang bangs. Especially that of the Czech variety. You proudly watch as you see how long she can keep her happy little face still and uncanny. You know at some point the realisation of what’s happening will strike her like a bolt of lightning and at that very moment in time, you can physically see the apparent hopelessness in her sudden cringe.

The smiling stops momentarily. She feels sick.

Of course, slaves don’t have a choice. If only I had a girlfriend. Oxytocin, please save me from the ashes.

Welcome to the familiarity.