---
id: "81661055014"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "soon."
summary: "soon."
date: "2014-04-04 06:49:00 GMT"
slug: "soon"
state: "published"
tags: "story,spilled ink,words,poetry,prose,dark,literature,death,nightmare"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1C3OD0c"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81661055014/soon"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

The trove withers silently, gathering pace towards the holy divinity this reckoning has begun. Children stumble from their doorsteps, captured in a daze of fury and petulance. They gather haste and move slowly in pairs of three, towards the castle they so willingly despise. 

A small girl with pitchfork in hand, rests her body against the cobble and critters to an initiation, signaling an effort of tireless work ahead. The air around her turns a musky yellow and all the children follow suit. The solider in the guard tower looks hesitant. He screams. Soon thereafter, he gracefully falls to his death as the foundations of his great behemoth crash down before him.

Nature has never looked so evil through these solemn eyes. 

The forest is full of wonders when the strike hits twelve. Owls flock with a great haste towards their prey; a small mouse is devoured. The bristle of the leaves create a hollow tension that even hate itself cannot fathom. Another man jumps to his death, only this time into the leaves which never fail to suffocate the man who is already dead.

In fact, this man cannot die a second time. He is just crippled and incapacitated on the inside. His brain cannot register the love it does not conceive, because the children of his dreams have foiled him again.

With a jitter to his breath, he wakes up and sighs, yet again; pouring himself a lukewarm beverage from the now defunct refrigerator he keeps in his room. The stench is overwhelming.

A small child with but a whim of strength, bubbles into the masking tape wrapped around his mouth. 

Breakfast shall be served.