---
id: "81373797358"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "spinning."
summary: "spinning."
date: "2014-04-01 07:44:17 GMT"
slug: "spinning"
state: "published"
tags: "life,relationship,break up,feelings,emotions,delusion,words of life,ex,failed"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BoGPlk"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81373797358/spinning"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

The problem with going through something as complicated as a break up, especially one that is unwarranted, confusing and uncommunicative is that you spend so much time putting together the pieces that were so carelessly flung away, that you forget what the picture even looked like to begin with.

Everything becomes a distorted heap of broken emotions and shattered dreams. Your reflection produces an empty image of pain and false hope: the desire borne misery which eats away at the virtual fabrication of the false reality within your mind. Someone please place me in the clearance basket: I’m not quite ready to be recycled into the shit I deserve. 

I think there are a lot of lessons to take away from a failed relationship. Too many, perhaps. I have notepads upon notepads of nonsense, piled tower-high like a path into descending hell. The solution is to let go and forgive. The labyrinth gives no answers to the fool traversing in circles. 

If it’s two things I take away from my first relationship, it’s a) Never to take another person for granted. You are neither anymore special, nor worse than them. You are both human beings with different qualities and if you cannot tolerate them for who they currently are, then you are not worth their time. They have equal opportunity to find someone else, just as you do. They’re not your bitch. b) Don’t try and change people, even if you think it’s for their benefit. That’s not your job. If you can’t stand who they are currently, then leave. I remember my ex telling me that I was I constantly passive aggressive. I was so desperate to maintain our romance, that I didn’t want to see the reality of her mental state. Now I feel silly.

The takeaway is that no one is perfect and admittance is the first step to becoming a better person. Only fools take the moral high ground, because in a world of silliness and greed, we are all prone to fall, whether we like it or not. At the very least, if you are humble, your redemption will become much easier to identify.