---
id: "81474722031"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "stable."
summary: "stable."
date: "2014-04-02 09:29:00 GMT"
slug: "stable"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,anxiety,ocd,delusion,mental disorder,pain,happiness,love,expression,sad,belief,perspective,emotions,feelings,empathy"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BuHPZl"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81474722031/stable"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So here’s the thing folks. I feel like I’ve “cured” my delusion/depression to a large extent.

I feel legitimately happy for who I am. I’m empathetic towards the unlimited potential this world provides, which one year ago, was a foreign notion that my cynicism did not allow. I’m now proud to say that I’m grateful for what I have, at least to the extent that I don’t moan and bitch - that is not a way to express love. I don’t have any real worries, insecurities or concerns which plague my mind. I feel free. I’m happy for all the people in my life, the circumstances they provide and the fun that my emotions embellish. 

With this said, it also means that I have all the tools, wisdom and experience required to change my beliefs, perspective, emotions etc. I have control over who I am and what I want to become, which is a power that most people are deficient. 

So I wonder, is it worth spending the time to write about these issues and techniques, so that I can possibly help some of the people on tumblr deal with their mental illnesses more easily. If you understand neuroplasticity, you can pretty much reverse most mental disorders, be it OCD, anxiety, depression, you name it (assuming it isn’t a chemical disparity in the brain caused by your genes etc.) 

For example, when a person has a stroke, sometimes it destroys a part of the brain related to function, be it lose of arm function etc. With enough technique, you can actually retrain the mind into use healthy part of the brain to restore function, though it is a very long and slow process. Of course, depression is less severe, though it depends on the extent to which one has distorted reality and the strength of the neural pathways in their brain. 

There is literally no reason why you should feel sad, hateful, anxious or whatever your negativity brings, under your everyday circumstances. It is not natural. It is not some sort of cycle. When you see children, it’s as if they are in a default state of happiness and love, up until the point where rules are introduced into their lives. Happiness is a default state, yet it is through these rules and agreements that we make to ourselves, which limit our expression of love.

Yeah bro, I’ve been there. Crippling anxiety. Severe depression. Insecurity akimbo. That haze of hopelessness which encompasses your daily realm, which speaks softly to the world around you, slowly engulfing your thoughts into a sludge of incomprehension.

Now I love life and embrace it with all my heart. The only thing is, you have to want it. Want it more than your current delusion. 

Most likely you will continue your downward trend until you hit rock bottom; to a point where the pain of being depressed becomes so great, that it outweighs the pain of making the commitment to change. Then you switch. I can most certainly relate, though I suppose some people never change and they eventually end up killing themselves - either slowly (comfort eating, self-hate, ego etc.) or eventual suicide.

My biggest recommendation would be to begin dissolving the ego. You can go a long way by realising that you’re nothing more a collection of vibrating wavelengths; neither significant nor insignificant to the consciousness you have inherited. You are a simple element of nature sweetie. So why worry?