---
id: "80921191452"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "struggle."
summary: "struggle."
date: "2014-03-27 23:14:00 GMT"
slug: "struggle"
state: "private"
tags: "break up,girlfriend,relationship,recovery,sleep,girl,emotions,feelings,lovers,depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BNHsGS"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/80921191452/struggle"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I was struggling to sleep last night. I couldn’t stop thinking about my cutie girl. I had all these ideas of guilt and regret, bouncing around in my head; searching for answers among this sodden landscape of wasted opportunity. 

I’d never felt so stupid in my life. Why on earth would I decide to take time apart from the girl who meant so much to me? My fears and doubts grew with my restlessness. What if she found someone else? What if she stopped loving me? I was freaking out amidst the intensity of my sorrow.

Of course, she’s probably thinking the though and I can’t help but think that this is the very healthy outcome of taking time apart. Only through desperation, can your real emotions seek parity within the fear you reach. 

It’s only been a day and I’m already freaking out. I don’t want to lose her. I really don’t. Fuck. 

So we were together for a few months and it was the most wonderful thing ever. It was cutesy teenage love at it’s core, something I hadn’t yet experience, but was keen to experience. The problem is that after a while however, the preliminary hugs and tag lines kinda grow old and my feelings for my first ex (let’s call her M) started to re-emerge. 

On the one hand, my latest girlfriend (let’s call her L) is truly brilliant for the reason being that she’s very similar to me personality wise. She’s just ridiculous and I feel 100% open and myself with her, whereas M was quite… proper, in many senses.

The only problem with L is that she’s nothing like me as a person. I’m this motivated, wannabe learner and she’s this kinda lazy primadona who does very little with her life and cannot even be motivated to brush her teeth… yes… she won’t brush her teeth for weeks. 

I think what made M so addictive, was the fact that she was highly intellectual, in-spite of her serious mental disparities. I think intelligence is what I ultimately seek, though I cannot be sure. I also sold M as the perfect girl (which is why the break up was so difficult), whereas I never really had any such ideas for L to begin with.

In a sense, we’re too similar to be friends, but too different to be serious. So we tried the whole “lovers” tagline, but it didn’t feel right at all. Dare I say, it felt like a compromise i.e. friends with benefits. In fact, I would say at no point have I ever loved L, as much as I did M. In the beginning, I thought it was just because we were in a healthy relationship together, as opposed to the tragic romance I had experienced early.

Now I’m beginning to question my doubts and I’m no where near close to understanding where my head is at. Hence, tumblr. 

When you take time apart from someone you care about (and don’t get me wrong, I really do care about L), but confused to know, it puts in you into an incredible state of depression and pressure, so much so, that it forces you to either a) reconcile with that depression with the best possible outcome or b) wither into the setting like a defrosted candle. 

I fear for L in this case, because she’s the kind of person who’ll bottles up her emotions, as opposed to actively seek to reconciliation. I wish her the best.