---
id: "82984644642"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "struggle."
summary: "struggle."
date: "2014-04-17 11:14:00 GMT"
slug: "struggle"
state: "published"
tags: "difficult,happiness,self-awareness,theory,acceptance,depression,change,struggle,life,thoughts,feelings,proud"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DIHJ0Y"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82984644642/struggle"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

As silly as it sounds, I have a difficult time accepting my own happiness. Coming from a life of depression and cynicism it’s very, very hard work. Not so much being happy, I feel like I’ve mastered that to a large extent, but accepting the fact that I can be happy all the time. I continually have these thoughts that spring in my mind that tell me I should be sad. Perhaps these are withdrawals from depression as per the reinforced neurochemical pathways in my head which are shouting “Hey buddy! You remember us guys? Please don’t forget us entirely! I promise you’ll love being sad again! Cmon baby ;)”

Most the people I know aren’t happy with their lives or they at least rely on drugs, comfort eating or some sort of compromise to carry them forward. I want to strive to be something more. The problem is that when you’ve been uphappy for most your life, happiness becomes a completely different sense of reality to accept. The radical change shocks you so much that you never feel quite right. You feel yourself constantly teetering on the edge of some sort of mental break down, even though you know it’s entirely fictitious.

Happiness requires a certain level of dedication and effort. It’s a discipline, not an effortless ordeal. I think it’ll take a lot of time, if not a few years to master, let alone an entire lifetime, but I’ve started early so I’m optimistic. Of course, this is a relatively new way of thinking that I’m trying to embrace and I don’t care how hard it is. I’m not going to give up on myself like this. It’s always difficult in the beginning with anything you do and that’s something I’m just going to have to work with. 

I know right now that if I choose to orgasm it will feel amazing. In fact, it will feel more amazing than anything else I do right now. However the consequence is, that I’m going to feel the sequential ups/downs over the next two weeks and I’m not going to feel optimal during that period. It ain’t something I want to delve in, but at the same time, who can blame me? I’m a horny guy who wants to fuck every single moment of every single day. During my French class I was in this group with this smoking hot girl and I could barely concentrate. All I wanted to do was fling her onto the table and lick her out. It’s hard I tell ya.

It feels weird when life is not a struggle, because it goes against the norm of my living existence, at least up until recently. Life has always been sold to me as a sucker you gotta power through until the day you die. It was only until recently that I realised you can have an unconditional love for life, without the ups and downs of drama and negativity. It’s a liberating thought, though radically different from what I’m used to.

It’s like growing up with pasta your entire life and then being told that you can’t have pasta again. Food doesn’t feel quite right. It feels like it’s missing an essential quality from it’s texture. It feels hollow.

Change takes time.

In order to be happy, you must dissolve all the doubt in your mind and not create new ones. That’s hard, because it requires constant maintenance and self-awareness. Of course, the theory is that if you’re self-aware for long enough, then it become subconscious into your program, but I don’t believe that’s true with instinctual mechanisms such as orgasm and the dopamine reward circuitry.

So you end up struggling, simply by trying to avoid struggle and it’s… messy.

Though I’m not deterred. I’m trying to do something that most people never attempt. I’m certainly proud of myself.