---
id: "87979550595"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "tarts."
summary: "tarts."
date: "2014-06-06 11:45:00 GMT"
slug: "tarts"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,creative writing,poetry,emotions,writing,weed,melbourne"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Hx-MU3"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87979550595/tarts"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

Well, you know, I’ve been smoking a hella’ lot of pot recently and I think it’s interesting to observe the human race in it’s prime. In public, at schools, quite possibly in-haste, we’re constantly being preached statistics like YOU’RE some sort of crank maniac at the zoo, equipped ubiquitous with a joint and a shotgun. now we’re talkin’ style.

I very much feel like a statistic and fuck that. Those few percent who die from DEATH!? yep./

I’m one of them. 

Everything is a blurry mess and Jesus would pin me down and shout out those holy words in the vain of a tyrant, only to blow his load 5 gallons deep down my tongue. tyranny no more.

No. I’m not happy. If my mouth were ever tainted so by the source of my misery, shall THESAURUS our god speak spite on these words. 

L-iterary people. 

I don’t, won’t, can’t, smart, tart(s). Words people. This the reason we live. To put symbols to meaning. [Fat fuck.] 

So, listen here. now. clear. 

I’m a hopeless man. I want pity. Give me pity. PLEASE GIVE ME PITY, DEAR GOD! I SHALL SMITE YOU TO ALL OF HELL! MY WRATH IS A COMPASS TO YOUR GOD-FORSAKEN SHAME!

Ah yes, Sir Arthur you tricky bastard with an elongated name. pause. You are my victor and to surprise the inner tastes of your Swollen Cowley, is a muffin so treacherous in thought, so dead, so emotionless that it breathes in winter to the great dismay of us all.

so be it scruffy. forever. alone.

As you may have noticed, the writing is an effort. 

My last name is Japanese. Perhaps I’m lying. 

Never.