---
id: "82885924641"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "thank you."
summary: "thank you."
date: "2014-04-16 12:02:00 GMT"
slug: "thank-you"
state: "published"
tags: "happy,content,motivation,attitude,loser,dumb,change,thank you,gratitude"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DCOjSX"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82885924641/thank-you"
noteCount: "5"
format: "html"
---

I’m feeling ridiculously happy atm. I feel a great sense of love emanating from my soul. I’m so torn at the moment, because I have so many things I want to do (I only just got back from work) and I know I’m going to enjoy them all. I just don’t have the time!

- I want to write some articles, because I have a whole bunch of brilliant ideas I came up with at work.

- I really want to exercise and lift weights so I can look all hot and pretty.

- I want to clean the kitchen, because it’s a complete mess. I cooked about two weeks worth of food today.

- I’d really like to flirt with some girls.

- I kinda have this intense motivation to study.

Man, I’m so proud and grateful of my life. I’m content with who I am and I’m the person who I set out to be 3 years ago, after I left high school.

I used to be really dumb during my high school and younger years. I could barely get my head around the concept of supply and demand (I remembered thinking, if demand is high and supply is high, wouldn’t you keep prices high for the sake of profit!?) Honestly, I couldn’t write an essay to save my life. English was my weakest point. Now I write thousands of words a day (fuck, I’d love to write more) all as a hobby.

I knew I was smart (I graduated from Melbourne High School), but I was just completely retarded at everything. I was capable, but just… really, really stupid. It wasn’t until after high school that things changed for the better.

I used to be incredibly cynical and full of hatred. I was a loner, an outcast. Yet somehow, that all changed over time. It was certainly a slow process and each and every year, I exponentially became a better version of myself. I became ridiculously smart and knowledgeable. I learnt to teach myself. I continued to grow and push myself, always striving for something more. More danger. More risk. More self.

I’m all about change. I’m constantly changing who I am; I feel barely recognisable from a week ago, let alone two. I was attached and skeptical about love one week ago. Now I’m completely happy with who I am and don’t care if I don’t have a girlfriend. A literal 180 degree turn. Funny how things fall into place, ey?

I strived to be the best version of myself. I learnt about finance, health, life and optimal living. I can talk about economic theory and other aspects of life, literally for hours. I have many passions, other than the simple video game I was limited to before.

Now I’m a completely different picture of myself.

A big part of that is because I feel like I’ve conquered love to a large extent, in terms of my understanding of it as well as my experience. It’s something that I feel comfortable with, not cynical or confused.

Put simply, I became self-aware; not only of who I was, but what I was capable of achieving. A lot of people don’t have that sort of epiphany and it’s a real tragedy, to see people stuck within their own delusion.

What I really want to say, is that I’m grateful for my existence.

Thank you for reading.