---
id: "81466000604"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "think."
summary: "think."
date: "2014-04-02 05:51:00 GMT"
slug: "think"
state: "published"
tags: "spilled ink,poetry,philosophy,death,universe,life,chaos,meaning,civilization,deep,spiritual"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Btm8JS"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81466000604/think"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I don’t want to tell you how to think or how you should live your life. I’m simply an optional opinion, swimming helplessly around in that tiny little world of yours, awkwardly brushing against the deepest areas in your mind; a mind which contains all the answers to the universe and more. Think of my communication as a white noise in the distance, sending you love and energy as a way of expression for the gratitude I have in your time. Energy is a neutral force with no specific traits, other than that which you so choose to perceive. 

If I had it my way, we’d be all dead. Then again, if you think of nature as an equilibrium, perhaps we are all neither dead nor alive. It’s quite possible that we’re a state of ever-changing chaos, occupying space that has no inherent desire to exert or manipulate. The anomaly to the exception, if you will.

When you read these words, perhaps you overwhelm yourself with the meaning borne by these symbols. Yet these are all just squiggly non-happenings on your screen - certainly nothing to get worked up over. Do you not see the art in comprehension? The beauty in simply being? There are a wide range of perspectives for people to employ, yet people do not realise the significance of their own actions. These are your doings; not that of the mysterious force we call matter. 

Like a vessel into the sea, maybe one day you’ll gather enough barnacles to start your own colony of followers. The collective death of a civilization.