---
id: "85817321095"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "tion."
summary: "tion."
date: "2014-05-15 13:51:07 GMT"
slug: "tion"
state: "published"
tags: "depressive,sad,trauma,pain,ego,break up,relationship"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Fx76Q7"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85817321095/tion"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have good intentions, however I really do suffer in regards to image.

I’m intelligent. Hell, we all are and that’s why we’re all so retarded. We’re all suckers for image and you know the worst thing about being suckers? It means we REALLY buy into the lies we sell ourselves.

Yet, even though I understand these lies for what they are, it simply isn’t enough to dissolve the mind of this madness. Self-awareness is a practice; a privilege I’m going to fight for. I’ve been doing this for a while and I’m not going to stop until I’m competent in my happiness.

I see these lies. I can feel them strangle my neck and rip my throat wide open. These words, my friend, are a lie. They perpetrate character. They breathe in ego and spit out disgust; our method of purification. 

Trauma is the key stake at hand. It don’t give a fuck. Trauma is what solidifies this fucker in your mind, to the point that the image is seared dainty like a fat fuck at the food court; buyers beware.

For me, my first relationship is that image. It was the most PERFECT image I’d ever convinced myself of. Yes, it is a perpetration. We had our differences, however the images in our mind don’t care for reality; only the perspective of our trauma.

This is what I’m fighting against: The image of my first girlfriend; the image of this so-called “perfection” I like to keep caged within my mind. 

I think it’s time to set it free.

I wasn’t feeling so great before. A whole bunch of self-doubt came rolling back to the point that I felt unconditionally sad. Though it’s not all bad. I come up with this really dry, sarcastic humor when I’m super depressed, which I’m looking forward to employing with my videos.

Up and away.