---
id: "84426355585"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "titty."
summary: "titty."
date: "2014-05-01 15:03:20 GMT"
slug: "titty"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,self-awareness,event,life,awesome,achievement"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EeC-E1"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84426355585/titty"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m not going to give you the specifics, since that would be a conflict of interest, however everything is just… wow.

Already because of my self-awareness bullshit, I’m feeling a solid 8.5/10 about myself; literally coming from a recent 0.5/10. Then an event happened and my life shot up to a 16/10. Then another thing happened, perhaps more amazing than the first, which blew shit through the roof and into the atmosphere at a 24/10. At this point, I’m in a complete awe at my life when holy crap; a wild 36/10 emerges. Perhaps we’re even at triple digits at this point, however it’d be silly to keep counting at the rate I’m going. Results, results, results. Somehow, oh somehow, it just keeps getting better and better and better. 

Of course, that doesn’t phase me. Self-awareness will always be my teacher for as long as I live and this blog will always be a reminder of the struggle of my past. When the mania gets out of hand, you do not want to be backed up in the driveway scared shitless, as fate it holds it’s gun of servitude to your petty little head. Dissolve the images in your mind. The images will never be your friend. They will fuck you till you die. It’s one thing to feel the surge of hope in your bones, but the instant that sentiment turns into self-doubt, you’d wished your blood was lead. 

So I went from a 0.5 to a literal super hero in no time; all within the period of a few hours. I feel blessed. 

I can’t talk about it for in-obvious reasons, however let’s just say that if I were still insecure, I’d be splashing mixed paint all over these walls as a sign of harrow; crying profusely to the sweet, sweet sound of matriarchal delusion; softly like a sin in the night. 

I’m glad to say however, that I’m just grateful for the opportunity to be alive and to experience the wonders that life beholds. 

*smiles*