---
id: "84604050755"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "twist."
summary: "twist."
date: "2014-05-03 10:25:00 GMT"
slug: "twist"
state: "published"
tags: "flirt,girls,seduction,honesty,heart,love,relationships,insecure,heart break,lie,manipulative,reality,mind"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Eoorr3"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84604050755/twist"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m a dangerous game to play.

I write. It’s what I do. It’s a talent as much as it’s a skill. However once you master the conceptual space within your own mind, you can just about convince anyone to believe anything. Grammar is an articulate form of logic and if you can manage to manipulate the words on this screen to a precise touch, you can physically caress the ideas in people’s minds; tricking them into a certain mode of thought.

Think of me sweetie. I have the keys to your house and more xx

As you can tell, I’m blatantly honest about who I am. That we call integrity. What people largely forget is that the manipulation is precisely intended. It scares a lot of people, which is fine. I’m not interested in having a soggy dinner mould before my very eyes.

More importantly to my own concern, it attracts a certain type of girl. The type of girl who can challenge the logic in your mind; twist me and turn me. The burn is a linger I cannot be taste; though fuck me with solitude and bury me with leaves.

In a sense, you do it to precisely to be manipulated back. Give me a reason to fight. People will very rarely challenge the words coming from your mouth, because they vastly prefer the sweet tune of suicide than their own autonomous breath. That is to say, people are so unaware of their own actions, that they exhale more than they see. It’s a precise delusion which some people prefer, including myself to a pitterless patter.

We dream to die. 

Which is precisely the purpose of flirt; to challenge and break the monotonous train of thought in your mind. Perception is a game of chance and reality is a playground designed to feed the hungry. Oh, you insecure lotta bunch.

A lot of girls require little effort. They’re easy to sell ideas to. The classic example I use time and time again, is to sell this idea that your relationship is going to be “the standard”. It works especially well with disgruntled girls. You sell this idea that you’re going to be perfect beyond the capacity of your peers. 

…and I do.

I never lie and I make an amazing friend; but only if the air is right. Naturally, I want to create the best possible experience for everyone. I always say what I mean; however the difference is that I sell it more than a preach. I love my friends dearly.

Just look at the way this article was written, even. It speaks to your heart as much as it strangles your mind. Of course, I never end up with these sorts of girls. They just don’t have the capacity to entertain me. You see, I don’t care to get my dick wet.

I care to set my mind free.