---
id: "86584632815"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "verge."
summary: "verge."
date: "2014-05-23 09:51:00 GMT"
slug: "verge"
state: "published"
tags: "sad,feelings,emotions,lonely,love,relationship"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GesANl"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86584632815/verge"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

You know, when you’re on the verge of a mental break down… silly man. You resist the pain to save your face, just to slowly crumble under the the weight of your own emotions. The tears down your face grow heavy; slow streaming consciousness down the wrinkles of your scar.

I feel incredibly weak. My heart sinks deep. I want to fade away and vanish. I want my feelings to consume me and spit me out, into the lonely drone I portray; these emotions are not worthy of my taint.

Gee, sorry I can’t be perfect. Sorry I can’t be loved. Sorry for being worthless. Sorry for taking up the stupid space you occupy.

Everyone has their own love languages, however I have two basic requirements as a human; to be touched and affirmed and here I am, lonely as ever. 

She says I’m really sweet and lovely, but that I have too much affection to give and that she’s not the kind of girl for me, nor is she in any place to be in a relationship.

I have so much love to give; more love than you can possibly imagine… yet not a single ounce to keep for myself.

I feel so sad and insecure. Fuck, just take advantage of me; anything. I really don’t give a fuck at this stage. Go on. Promise me the most amazing relationship. Sell me my own heart and force me to buy it back at twice the price. Take everything. My money. My love.

I have nothing left to lose.