---
id: "81872856807"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "wet."
summary: "wet."
date: "2014-04-06 11:33:00 GMT"
slug: "wet"
state: "published"
tags: "erotica,poetry,love,relationships,messaging,masturbate,writer,typeracer,colemak"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CG0ARd"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81872856807/wet"
noteCount: "11"
format: "html"
---

I tend to get girls by writing them poetry and… the erotica, oh please don’t get me started on the erotica. I remember one girl telling me that my words had never excited her like any other man before and I swear, she’d raked in the cock like some sort of reverse snow machine (lol). 

I distinctly remember a moment with my first girlfriend, where we were messaging each other over Skype and I’d typed something really dirty as a joke, but then she told me to keep doing it because it was really turning her on. Then literally for an hour straight, I’m typing the most perverted smutt as fast as I can, about how she’s worthless and how hard I was going to fuck her; describing my penis thrusting inside her and hurting her and all that. All the while, she’s moaning and it’s crazy and I’m freaking out that I’m going to run out of dirty things to say. But no. I’m a writer. I’m a machine (not to be confused with the snow variety). 

I’m pretty sure I got carpal tunnel afterwards, cause my hands felt like awkward jelly for days. Though I knew learning to touch type in colemak - a different keyboard layout - would come in handy. So basically when I press the f key it actually types the letter t and in essence, colemak has 50% less typing distance between the keys compared to qwerty, so you can type faster and it produces less strain on the hand. Also, I was addicted to this online game called type-racer, where you would play people against the internet to type a particular paragraph the fastest. On average I type around 100 words per minute. I even bought a mechanical keyboard cause they’re amazing and now I can’t type on a regular keyboard without feeling awkward. So yeah, as you can tell, I’m obsessed with writing. 

Though it was totally worth it, cause it made her squirt afterwards and who doesn’t love to hear that sound haha.

I love being a writer.