---
id: "87373994495"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "wind."
summary: "wind."
date: "2014-05-31 07:14:00 GMT"
slug: "wind"
state: "published"
tags: "happy,proud,achievement,attachment,women,dating"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HNvLd-"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87373994495/wind"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I’m really happy with today. 

So I’ve been talking to this girl and I wouldn’t say I’m emotionally attached by any stretch of the imagination, but I think there’s a shred of hope lying in the wind. I don’t know how I’d feel if she stopped talking to me; however chances are, I’d dissolve mindlessly into an emotional wreck.

Anyway, I was thinking about this thought today and I had this moment where I was like, “Fuck this. I need to do something about my dependency issues. I don’t want to be this person anymore that allows another person to dictate my self-worth and happiness.” Cause this girl, she’s amazing, however she’s incredibly independent and really, she doesn’t need me in her life. I suppose that’s a good thing, cause now it means I need to learn to be independent as well.

So I’ve decided that instead of putting all of my emotional eggs into one basket, I’m going to try my darn well best to be independent. 

I’m just going to stop putting any effort into dating. Period. It’s a waste of time that always ends up screwing me over. If it happens, then it happens. If it doesn’t, well then tough luck. There’s more to life than pussy. 

Of course, it isn’t that simple. That’s why I have to do EVERYTHING in my power to resist the urge for another woman’s affection. I have myself and that’s all I’ll ever need. That’s why it’s so incredibly important I continue to remain abstinent from orgasm and pornography. I need to regain control of my life. Today is day four. I’m doing well.

I don’t want to be rejected again and feel like shit. I’m not going to let it happen. 

I’ve been studying French for the past few hours and it’s been amazing; to be able to concentrate on something meaningful you enjoy, that doesn’t have a vagina attached to it.

Knowledge is important. That’s really what I want to achieve.