---
id: "84019588224"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "woah."
summary: "woah."
date: "2014-04-27 14:23:00 GMT"
slug: "woah"
state: "published"
tags: "achievement,happy,perspective"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EFzIo0"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84019588224/woah"
noteCount: "8"
format: "html"
---

I’m WAY too hard on myself.

In fact, I’m doing so fucking well, I honestly cannot believe myself.

All it takes is a little perspective. I had a look at the computer calendar and it hit me…

My girlfriend broke up with me little less than one month ago (closer to three weeks) and gee, that’s not very long and I’ve already accepted her departure 100%.

Not to mention, I immediately suffered another serious heart break a few weeks after and I’m relatively fine as well. I don’t even think about it.

All the while, I gave up orgasm for 27 days. That’s dedication.

There’s no possible way I can blame myself for the way I feel. I’m doing incredibly well. I’m doing better than most people would in my situation and fuck the haters. I don’t need their shit. 

This blog is exactly one month old (it honestly feels longer) and I’ve already written more than 45,000 words over 150 posts. That’s fucking brilliant if you ask me.

On top of that, I’ve made a whole heap of new friends and a plethora of followers that I’m proud to associate with.

You become so pent up within your own insecurities and have-nots, that you forget the brilliance of your nature.

I’ve done so much. I really have. I’ve smashed this fucker in the face and you know what? This is only the beginning.

I HONESTLY CANNOT BELIEVE IT’S ONLY BEEN ONE MONTH BECAUSE IT FUCKING FEELS LIKE THREE.

There’s nothing wrong with me. Of course there isn’t. I’m only human.

I mean, fuck getting a therapist. I did all this shit on my own. Admittedly, I had to write a short novel to get there, but at least words are free.

USA! USA! USA!