---
id: "83605000075"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "words."
summary: "words."
date: "2014-04-23 09:20:44 GMT"
slug: "words"
state: "published"
tags: "words,literature,poetry,thoughts,pain,life,writer,hate,blame"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DtFm_B"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83605000075/words"
noteCount: "4"
format: "html"
---

I write these words because they’re painless. They’re a small sacrifice to pay for the better outcome of a more fulfilling life.

When pain is already your standard, you feel compelled to write to express, because what else is there to lose? Thought becomes your privilege, your playground, because logic is plenty once you’re dead. You can fly. You can morph. The words are your friends and more.

I like being a writer, though no one wants to be a writer. It’s forced upon you. I suppose I like to caress the degradation as it builds up inside me, like a cancer of the mind. Soon you forget what it’s like to be human and that’s when the compel becomes it’s own method of disaster.

I’m not a hateful man. I don’t like to blame. I just tend to cry on the inside until the words can no longer carry the pain into my own existence. They become stuck in limbo and falter, as the oxygen suffocates their sickle-cell formation.

There’s no choice but life after death and this relates back to the most intense acid trip of my life.

I thought I’d fucked up. As the single most conscious experience on earth, I thought I’d completely destroyed the fabric of life and had to return to the beginning of time to discover it again. It took billions of years for the first cell to evolve, yet the past 2000 years has seen unprecedented progress in terms of science and understanding. 

I lost everything, just so I could see the truth.

Life is a design. It is a simple, though complex chemistry that is as rare as these words.

I try and be grateful for what I have. Don’t ever forget you’re alive, because one day you may wake up to never remember it.