---
id: "84612288790"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "writer."
summary: "writer."
date: "2014-05-03 13:14:00 GMT"
slug: "writer"
state: "published"
tags: "writing,image,logic,challenge,author,literature,perception,psychology,concept,hate,criticism,writer,words,art,expression,context"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EpIH4M"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84612288790/writer"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

I think I come across as a massive douche-hole. That’s to be expected. It’s human perception; I don’t have control over the way people think of me, which really is the beauty of art form. Expression is very much a psychology as it is an art. 

It’s a real mixed bag here on tumblr.

Some people absolutely despise what I do. They think I’m an emotional fuckwit. They have no empathy for me in the slightest. I leave a bad taste in their mouth, as they gag solemn to the shadow of my feigned attitude. Fair enough.

On the other hand, I have people who really admire what I do. They enjoy the words. They’re not offended by the context. They have a vivid appreciation for the words I foresee. Fair enough.

Everyone is ultimately different. I’m the kind of guy who loves words and literature. On the other-hand, I can’t stand Broadway. Musicals absolutely shit me. I do kinda think people obsessed with musicals are douche-bags, but that’s just it, isn’t it?

Human perception at it’s finest.

In addition to the criticism, let’s just say that it’s incredibly difficult to produce compelling writing. For starters, people automatically assume you’re a pretentious asshole simply for being a writer, so that doesn’t help. Most people cannot relate to writers because they think we’re some sort of far-fetched construct; just as most people cannot relate to clowns.

I mean, how many people actually write thousands of words a day as an expressive hobby? Most people can’t be fucked. They see it as boring. They see it as a chore; let alone reading as a source of emotional comfort. Most people would rather watch TV or take a selfie.

I’ve already lost at this point. 

A lot of people don’t see the art in it; only the seemingly “arrogant” opinion being flung round like a judgemental whip to the eye. They don’t realise that I legitimately love grammar. I love the expression. The conceptual desire to remain concise.

When you see a visual representation of something, there’s very little interpretation. You automatically suspect it’s art, irrespective of a the meaning. Yet words are so incredibly ambiguous, because of the intellectual connotation involved. Is it opinion? Is it simple rhetoric? What the fuck is wrong with this guy!?

There’s very little logic when you look at a picture. It’s largely emotive when it hits you. It’s already there, laid out before your very eyes. Words rely on so much context, not only on behalf of the author, but also on behalf of the viewer. A lot of sentiment gets lost in translation and the limited scope of our imagination doesn’t really help.

Though that’s the challenge, really.

I get a lot of followers who come in, but at the same time, I lose a lot of followers as well. It’s interesting to see who stays and who doesn’t. I usually lose a follower per post, but that’s okay. You keep the ones worth having.

eh, I have a lot of friends on here. I suppose they’re the ones worth caring about.