---
id: "83515224632"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "yarn."
summary: "yarn."
date: "2014-04-22 13:34:44 GMT"
slug: "yarn"
state: "published"
tags: "flirt,seduction,game,girl,love,time,manipulate,women,emotions,comfort eat,calm,anxiety,perspective"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DnvJ8u"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83515224632/yarn"
noteCount: "3"
format: "html"
---

Remain calm. I feel calm. I’ve talked to this girl and she’s provided so much amazing perspective on the whole issue. I can’t thank her enough xx

The macaroni is done. It’s creamy as fuck and I feel sick already, but that’s the price you pay for having emotions. I also have the Delfino Plaza theme playing on repeat. I don’t know why, but it’s soothing. I’d very much like to write about that game soon.

A very profound thought occurred to me.

I spend so much time playing women like spindles of yarn, that really, it was myself who wanted to be played and fine-tuned all along. Of course, you ultimately realise that nature of that nature are bad and deceiving, so naturally you end up playing yourself. You try your hardest to get as close as possible to the source of your woes, only to find yourself twisted and turned, inside and out, by the very force you hoped would cherished your soul.

I can feel my strings being pulled and it’s absolutely terrifying. I’m moving my hands, as I watch my legs roll forward. An excuse for chemistry.

Give her time. Though really, what choice do I even have? I mean, gee. We’re not even in a relationship yet and we’ve only had one proper text conversation with her, yet I’m treat this as if it were the end of the world. It isn’t.

I can be patient. Everything will be just fine.

*freaks out*