---
id: "81869988528"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "yay."
summary: "yay."
date: "2014-04-06 10:32:00 GMT"
slug: "yay"
state: "published"
tags: "depression,recovery,happiness,technique,love,emotions"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CFrEAm"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81869988528/yay"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

So ummmm, yeeeeeaaaaaaahhh. 

I’m no longer depressed. 

Yeah, nah mate, ur fuked in the head. 

Well, first you ask yourself what you’re most grateful for. Then you make note of what agreements you’ve made about yourself and how they make you feel. Using that knowledge, you create a better set of agreements. Then you observe your attention and your point of view. That’s a very important one… blah blah blah and list goes on. I’m sure none of that makes any sense to you. 

Basically, I know exactly what I have to do to change my emotional state and these are basic techniques that anyone can learn to dissolve their delusion. First you must dissolve your depression. Then once you have control over you emotions, gives you power to be happy. 

I mean, I’m not overwhelmingly exploding with joy, but I feel I’ve weeded out most of the worry, insecurity and fear in my mind. I actually feel emotionally stable. Thinking about my ex doesn’t produce any feelings of worthlessness or insecurity. It’s not even an issue.

Though this is a gradual process. I’m not going to be cocky and say that I’m never going to have a negative emotional reaction again, however I’m heading towards the right direction; towards for a life of self-love and happiness.

I mean, gee. We only just broke up yesterday and I’m not going to deny that I could break down at any point, but I feel reassured about the way I feel and my power to refrain. Who knows, my notions of self-rejection may creep back. Of course, a large part of depression management is prevention, as opposed to coping. By being self-aware of your thoughts and actions, you can prevent having an episode and once you master that and acknowledge the patterns you create, you can then instill a new set of beliefs and attitudes to live by.

At that point, you’re pretty much sweet :)