---
id: "82575909812"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "Yes."
summary: "Yes."
date: "2014-04-13 13:07:00 GMT"
slug: "yes"
state: "published"
tags: "happiness,self-awareness,love,fear,worry,anxiety,break up,depression,humanity,ego,identity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Cvw6Eq"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82575909812/yes"
noteCount: "2"
format: "html"
---

Okay. Good. Very good. Everything is fine now.

Arguably, I’m still vulnerable, but I feel I’ve 90% progressed to where I should be.

I’m no longer depressed, though who knows. That could change, however I think you’ll understand why I’m no longer depressed by the end of this post and where I’m coming from.

As of this stage, I’ve completely made up with my ex and now we’re chatting and joking around and having fun again. I have no grudges against her. Everything is well in that department.

I figured out a little secret today, while I was at work during my break, writing down my thoughts into my notepad. This one simple thought, literally changed my perception on everything.

Love. It’s what drives us. It’s also what destroys us. I spent so much time worry and fearing love, that it suddenly occurred to me that love isn’t about fear and worry. It isn’t about suffering. It isn’t a sense of righteousness or defeat. Love is an acceptance of who you are and nothing more or nothing less. Love is the ideal state of humanity; the quality of happiness in your mind.

Love is a form of your own expression and hence I am love, flowing into this realm I inhabit. Only one small thing - I’ve completely distorted it in all it’s glory. Once you begin to experience this delusion, you start to believe that love is learned behaviour; that you must learn to love again.

However, I was completely wrong.

Love is in fact a natural state. My destructive behaviours are what were truly learnt. So in order for me to love again, I must unlearn “love” or the destructive behaviours that I claimed to be my struggle for “love”.

The solution was simple for me. All I had to do was dissolve my attention. Dissolve my ego and identity. Then, after all is said and done, all that remains is pure love. That’s how I felt at that very moment. All the fear and worry disappeared and for the first time in a week. I felt human again. I didn’t feel driven by depression or hate - I felt an embrace of my own consciousness.

It’s a very powerful thing to experience, true love. Perhaps even more powerful to feel human again. This man loves and he loves with all his heart. He’s one happy chappy :)

Thank you.