---
id: "66778066534"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "berak"
summary: "berak"
date: "2013-11-12 14:24:25 GMT"
slug: "berak"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q_CI6vc"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/66778066534/berak"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

If you’re reading this mimi, I want you to stop reading my blog, but only after you’ve finished reading this post. What I have to say is crucial for the both of us. At this stage, I think it’s in our best interest to take some time apart. One week at the very least, though I may not even contact you after that period. It’s clear you want to be alone and it’s clear that I serve little purpose to your recovery.

Of course, I will always be here if you truly need me, but I exist as a friend in support and nothing more. I exist to understand you, be with you, make you feel human. But I cannot be a form of attachment, at least until you have recovered from your illness. With that said, Mimi, at no point do I ever want you to feel ashamed of who you are. You are amazing in your own right.

You are my special girl and I will always be your precious boy. 

I just want to tell you, in all your glory, what an amazing girl you are. You are my first true love and you will always be the most special girl in my heart. You were the perfect concept of a woman in my mind and there is nothing I would rather lust over, than your beautiful soul. Nothing in the whole entire world. You were smart, pretty, pale, fair and most of all: witty to my bone. You honestly couldn’t have been more amazing if you tried. 

With you, I experienced all the emotions of going through a relationship for the first time and I’m happy to say, it was a most magical experience. The most magical experience in my whole entire life. What I shared with you, the romance, the intimacy, the poetry, the prose, the flirt, the pictures, the sexting, the skype sex, your visit, the sex and your magnificent company. All of which, I would never trade in the for any amount of material wealth in world, even though our time was brief.

For the first time in my life, you made me feel complete. I didn’t feel like a failure. For the first time I actually could look at my life and be proud of what it’s become. You made me truly happy. I’d never experienced what true happiness was like until I’d met you. 

I’m so glad to have had you in my life, because very few lovers get to experience what we had on any scale; with the sense of urgency we portrayed, to the attachment we laid forth. What we had was truly unique and I will always be grateful that I could have experienced your passion, alongside with mine. I will never forget you and you will always be the part of the me that I’ll never let go. 

You make me so proud and you should be proud of yourself as well. 

However we cannot exist in our current form. It breaks my heart in so different many ways, but to continue our relationship in it’s current state is sheer madness. It hurts me so much because I put so much into our relationship. I gave up all my time, just to be with you and make you feel special. I put in all my effort, just so that you could be the best version of yourself. All those poems I wrote you when I should have been paying attention in class, the hours I would spend thinking about you at work; The flirt, the tease, the everything. I will never forget you for as long as I live.

So please, go be the mimi the world would love. Be the person you most desire. I am no longer an obstacle to your long task ahead. I have faith, not just that of myself, but that of my entire heart, you’ll do just fine x

I love you so much, but now it’s your turn to shine. You are my mimi. I shall never forget. 

Love,

Julius

Well, you have to understand that her depression has rendered her to the point of complete apathy. She doesn’t express herself at all, she simply shrugs and sits there in her own little world of depression. When I express myself to her, it’s like I’m a zombie to her scheme of things. Yet she is the zombie in nature.

Everytime I ask her how she feels about me, our relationship, basically any questions, she answers with “I don’t know”, “whatever you want” etc. she’s been completely indecisive for the past 2 weeks and it’s killing me. I had to end it for the both of us, because what we had was hardly a relationship and I tried my hardest to make it work, but she’s just not at that point to be so. Plus, she said she’s never been in-love with me per-say, so it crushes me further into the ground.

I tried so hard. I loved her. I did everything in my power and this is how it ends. I gave it everything and now… well, I don’t know. I actually just had a conversation with my good mate and a lot of friends have been really supportive of me and to be quite frank, even though it’s been a couple of hours, I actually feel a lot, lot better without her. In fact, you could almost say I’m over it, but we’ll see how tomorrow fares up.

I mean, it sucks because she was the perfect fairy-tale. She really was. Yet to find out it was one big lie… it hurts.

So when I told her we should break up, it was the exact same thing “okay” “if you want” yet what worries me about the indecisiveness, but the fact that I don’t actually know how she feels. I keep asking her to tell me how she really feels, but she can never do it. So I don’t know if she still wants me, but doesn’t want the commitment because she doesn’t love me enough, or if she’s too scared or whatever.

What really worries me, is that I was the only one who knew about her depression. Only I and her know, so by cutting me off, it’s like she’s cutting off the last support she has. She tells me she just wants to be alone, but that really worries me and I get anxious thinking about her.

But yeah, oddly I feel like I’m actually over her. I still love her dearly and the memories I cannot replace. She will always be my mimi and what we had was magical beyond words. It was the perfect romance, which inherently suggests that the outcome must also be tragic, as per generic drama.

But fuck, she was a real cunt to find, so now I’m back at square one and I put so much into that relationship, I’m not sure if I could put in the same emotional effort again. The first one is always the most special, especially as you experience all these new emotions for the first time.

Though I hope she’s alright, I really do :(

I feel a lot better.