---
id: "68934717222"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "courage."
summary: "courage."
date: "2013-12-04 02:00:53 GMT"
slug: "courage"
state: "draft"
tags: "courage,motivation,self-worth,achieve,life,success,failure"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q10Cr4yc"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/68934717222/courage"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have moments when I feel sad because I’m not the tall, white and muscular stature society seems to adore. Then it kinda occurs to me how amazing I already am as a person and that it would be insanity to compare me to anything else. Why would I be insecure of a stupid image in my head, when the definition of my own personality is already somewhat perfect?

I’ve done pretty well for myself, despite constantly beating myself down. I’ve done well with women, in a realm where most guys continue to struggle to find connection. It took me one month to lose my virginity (It wasn’t something I was particularly interested in prior) and another month to find the most special girl. Most people spend half their life trying to find a meaningful relationship and did it in mere months with literally ZERO experience regarding women. Hell, I convinced a girl (the one I lost my virginity to) to have sex with me on the first night, even though she was adamant we were just “friends”. I don’t recall anyone else having these privileges!?

Listen here you kinky freak. I made $4,500 trading currencies last week. That was in six days! My very first six days trading, ever! I hope to at least make another $15,000 by the end of December! How could I possibly think I’m a loser!? I’m only 20 and there’s a very strong possibility that I make my first $1,000,000 before my 22nd birthday!

I’m a decent guy with personality. I look after my friends and gee, my friends are just the most amazing people. Amazing beyond recognition and I have so many people I adore in my life, that it’s gotten to the point that I’ve had to start choosing between. That’s me. I pathetic me I refuse to believe.

I don’t treat women as sex objects; I genuinely care for their well-being. That’s how you make a long distance relationships work. In fact, it’s how you make any relationship work irregardless of gender. You focus on the person, not on what you want out of them. Giving is the bread and butter of life.

There’s nothing wrong with being half-white, half-asian. There’s nothing wrong with being average in height. There’s nothing wrong with me. This is a battle of ideology. A battle of the mind. Will you reclaim your own worthlessness or reject it into the pieces of comfort you eat for breakfast, you lonely pack of sod…

I have passions. I have desires. I have intelligence and a keen sense of perception. I have people I would literally die for. I have more than most people. I mean, really. Keep your race. Keep your height. Keep your muscular extremity. I’ve got so much more.

If it’s one thing history has taught us, it’s that humanity is just tool for your own experience. Heroes are created, not pre-defined. Successful people create their own personalities for others to worship; they do not pander to other people’s insecurities. I don’t care what anyone says: You’re beautiful and tell that to all my close friends.

It’s not about feeling special, even though it’s nice to feel wanted. I genuinely mean it: You are stunning.

Why look up to personalities when you can create your own? So maybe you’re not crash hot? Oh dear, have you seen any of my selfies? I don’t dress up. I have terrible, messy hair. Don’t get me started on my facial hair and I don’t think I’ve washed in a week. But you know what? I make it work and I make it into art. 

Become that sex symbol. Become that genuine guy. Become whatever your heart desires.

You are not weak. You are not stupid. You are whatever you want to be. The only thing stopping yourself IS yourself. I’ve proven in my life that you can just about achieve anything if you put your mind to it. I have a terrible voice for media and I never dress up, but at one point I had thousands of people watching my youtube videos and listening to my podcast. I had an estimated 50,000 downloads on my podcast in less than a year. 

Don’t lust over false images. Create your own. Sell it for a dime. Protrude your own excellence to the world.

You are me.