---
id: "70778780360"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "friends."
summary: "friends."
date: "2013-12-22 12:03:45 GMT"
slug: "friends"
state: "draft"
tags: "friend"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q11wldh8"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/70778780360/friends"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So I’m talking to my 14 year old friend and fuck me, he’s just amazing. We used to be best friends when he was 12/13 (oh please don’t even ask) and he’s a hell of a lot witter than anyone I know. Like seriously, he’s funnier and smarter than just about every single one of my friends. Perhaps even myself, but I taught him my sense of humor. 

YET AT THE SAME TIME HE’S A FUCKING KID, SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO PUT UP WITH ANY OF THAT ADULT BULLSHIT STUFF LIKE DEPRESSION OR W/E IT IS THAT PEOPLE HAVE. 

I seem to have an fixation with teenagers. Like yesterday, I went to hang out with my previous 16 year old best friend (yet again, please don’t ask) and I had an amazing time. We smoked bongs, we joked around, we did teenage stuff. We have a tremendous bond/loyalty, though you kind of have to understand our prior history. 

Actually, it’s kinda weird because we talk about drugs and bash people n’ all that. These are prime LAD type figures, but thank god I have their trust. It’s weird, because these kids are actually more genuinely interesting than most the people I know. I hadn’t seen them for a while and it only just hit me when I was there. 

I’ve realised that a reoccurring theme between a lot of my close friends is that they like to fight. It’s really interesting to hear about the different techniques, because there’s so many different ways to take someone down. My other friend does MMA and he has so much theory in that head of his that it’s quite remarkable, because a lot of his friends were in the army type thing and he used to hang with a scummy crowd. 

He thinks very differently to me. I’m very much the “work with people” kind of person. He’s incredibly cautious and automatically assumes worst case scenario. He automatically assumes everyone in his immediate vision is a potential danger and you can tell by the way he composes himself. Some would call it paranoia, but to him it’s justification.

However the one thing I’m always told, it’s that you always fight dirty. The moment shit goes down, you don’t give a fuck. You hurt that bastard as Also, always be the aggressor and just go crazy at the hint of aggression. Especially try and act like you’re crazy off ice, because they’ll know instantly that they won’t have a chance. When you’re on ice, you simply don’t stop. You keep going till they’re dead.

lol. junkies.