---
id: "68154782186"
blogName: "tktxtktx"
type: "text"
title: "problem."
summary: "problem."
date: "2013-11-26 11:21:41 GMT"
slug: "problem"
state: "draft"
tags: "problem,life,excitement,passion,love"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZB1w8q-ULt7g"
postUrl: "https://tktxtktx.tumblr.com/post/68154782186/problem"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have a problem.

So like, I feel purposeful. I have things to do. In fact, I now feel there’s too much for me to do. The problem is that my life lacks the excitement and passion it once had, I presume, relating to when I was in a proper relationship.

It’s one thing to replace what’s there, but without a strong attachment and fervor for the things you do in life, everything seems rather dull and meaningless. My girlfriend WAS my life to a large extent and the notion of being in a relationship was new and fresh to me. Worst of all, I still want that. It’s something I crave, because it was amazing beyond comprehension and everything I’ve experienced thus far does not even come close to replicating that.

I’ve noticed recently that my days seem to pass by and when I’m lying in bed at the end of the day, I think: “What on earth did I actually get up to today? What did I actually achieve, other than to postpone my own death?” I don’t feel proud of myself. I mean, I’ve recently started trading and I’m amazing at it, but it’s the feeling I’m look for. Not the labels.

Fuck. I really just want to be in a relationship. The only problem is that mimi was so amazing that every time I see one of the many girls from work or w/e, I feel like they wouldn’t be the same. It’s hard to find a girl who can truly appreciate romance. They don’t have the intellectual fervor.

I swear, half the girls I meet could not be more plain or average. They have the personality of a soggy biscuit. There’s no excitement, no promiscuity, no lust. They know how to dress themselves, but the moment they talk my brain talks to mush. The worst thing is that the slutty ones have severe personality disorders. All I want is a girl with a brain who knows how to play with my complex desires. It’s bullshit, because it means I’m the one who ends up doing all the work and really, it shouldn’t be like that and it’s why I just don’t bother. 

All my friends tell me how lucky I was to have had mimi. Not just lucky, but for months I was literally the luckiest guy people knew. They would just drool over 

The problem when you have an integral understanding of the human race, is that you recognise how people are retarded and while it’s something I can accept, it’s not something I can appreciate. So you know, fair enough that there’s a bellcurve of intelligence and I happen to be at the higher end, but actually having to have a conversation about the weather with another person is just ridiculously uninspiring for me.

I didn’t wait 20 years of my life to be in my very first relationship with “just another girl”. 

My current strategy is to finish this online course that details happiness and psychology. It’s already done wonders for me and it’s one of the most valuable resources I’ve had the pleasure to come across. If it weren’t for that, I can imagine I’d still be quite depressed about my situation. 

Gee, I’m really tempted to trip tonight. I’m that bored with my life. It’s literally been one month to the day since I’ve done it and so I’m prime for the picking, but even that doesn’t excite me.

I have to study that website some more. I’ve barely even touched the surface.