---
id: "85293247560"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "21st."
summary: "21st."
date: "2014-05-10 06:42:49 GMT"
slug: "21st"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1FRtwn8"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/85293247560/21st"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I know I talk a lot about being good with girls. eh. 

Listen, whether you believe me is up to you. I don’t really care. Sure, I understand that I make a complete fool of myself trying to seduce people over the internet, but I know it’s a silly game that barely compares to being there with the person.

Really, I just love to write. That’s why I’m here. So instead of bitching about what’s not and not, let me tell you about my experience last friday.

I killed it. I absolutely fucking killed it. Wit is an amazing tool. I was everyone’s friend. Well, just about everyone, seeing as some people are complete cunts; insecure pricks. I’d infiltrate a group, make fun of everyone, leave; make yourself linger in their mind.

Like a lot of parties, there’s always that one really attractive, ditzy “out there” girl who seems a bit loose. She’s the girl every guy goes for and fuck, let me tell you, I had her played like a fiddle. I approached her, I put my arm around her and instantly, she was under my gaze.

I’m a really funny and witty guy. The best thing about being sharp in the tongue, is that you can literally shut down anyone. Fuck you, boom. Yes sir, you have no chance what-so-ever. I don’t care how attractive you are. I don’t care how fucking tough you thing you are. My word will break you down.

I want you to picture this in your mind. There are four people and we’re sitting as such.

Daniel - Her - Me - Adam

She’s sitting next to me and I’m chatting her up, getting very touchy etc. However these other two guys are also trying to get her. It’s actually quite funny, because she momentarily went off and me and Adam had a small chat about how elusive she was and it was very gentlemen like. We both laughed at the fact that we were hitting on her and that was that.

When she comes back, she decides to sit on Adam’s lap. So they’re chatting away and I’m like, fuck, this isn’t good.

Of course, the fucking legend that I am, this cunt is gone.

I sit on the opposite of the chairs and on my friends lap, so that I’m facing her. This is where all the magic happens. I’m chatting her up, being incredibly flirty and my god, we got incredibly intimate and touchy. She was under my control. I know exactly how to use my hands and

She’s sitting on some guy’s lap and they’re talking. He’s kinda

I’m a player. You cannot trust me, however I promise, I’ll make you feel more special than the world. This is just a game a play. It’s called pick up.