---
id: "83361167636"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "analysis."
summary: "analysis."
date: "2014-04-21 01:06:56 GMT"
slug: "analysis"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DejdaK"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83361167636/analysis"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

[PS: I write this in hindsight. I honestly had no idea what I was doing when I created this blog. That’s usually how it always is.]

It’s interesting to skim through my blog and see the progression of events until present day. First there was the break up. The resulting struggle, depression and recovery. Then there was optimism, followed by complete desperation. Then now, what I think will be love. 

All my past blogs go through a very similar pattern.

I made this blog purely to find a girlfriend and I may have just done this for a third time. I mean, gee folks. Let me paint the glorious picture for you, though be careful. I wouldn’t want to smudge the silly smile I’ve put on this entire time. Oh please! Lighten up. I’m not even wearing pants.

Anyway, the first thing you have to do is to give up orgasm. Fuck. No one wants to give up orgasm. It’s the furthest thing from anyone’s mind. However it gives you a few advantages. It gives you an immense amount of confidence when it comes to approaching and talking to girls. You don’t feel awkward about who you are. At the same time, it forces you to find girls, since you’re not wasting that energy watching porn or masturbating.

In my case, that meant writing copious amount of material to please the fatal eye. There’s no possible way one can write thousands, upon thousands of words every single day, without some sort of motivation and love is the greatest motivator of them all.

Words are also very distracting, as are girls. It helps you forget your own loneliness and when you think about it (at least personally) it feels that everything we do is just a distraction until we find that special someone.

So that’s simply the context. Now, the process.

In the beginning, you describe your struggle. In my case, it was my break up. The resulting depression. The pain. The hurt. You humanise yourself and make yourself vulnerable. You win people over. You develop a community. The trust and support of your friends; simply by being yourself. At the same time, you also have the sell the solution. It gives other people hope as well (mind you, the solution is something that works for me, so it’s a tool for both parties).

This isn’t manipulation, because this is raw honesty. You tell people EXACTLY how you feel and it creates a level of openness that you cannot criticise. It is simply what it is. You can hate the author, but that doesn’t change the message. I am simply human.

I really was extremely depressed after my break up. It hurt, though thankfully I got through it. Now the good part.

Once you recover from your mania and put on a “good show” and people enjoy the way you describe your pain, you begin moving onto more sexual topics. You sell yourself as a romantic interest.

You start talking about sex. Relationships. Your ideas about love. You become fun and flirtatious in your delivery. You show a lighter, more fun side. Sarcasm culminates. You tell stories from your life. You reflect on your life. It’s important to express your.

I’ll be honest though, the purpose of this blog changed a lot. One moment I’m adamant I don’t want to fuck anyone, the next I’m begging at their heels. Refraining from orgasm for three weeks will do that to you. In the beginning I was quite content with casual fun, but soon that was shattered once I met the girl who lived in my dreams.

While this all may seem like an elaborate ploy, it really isn’t. My feelings are real. My pain is real. My struggle is real.

So why not turn it into a positive?