---
id: "81977481427"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "attitude."
summary: "attitude."
date: "2014-04-07 09:11:01 GMT"
slug: "attitude"
state: "draft"
tags: "attitude,girls,bitch,trauma,positive,negative"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1CMFHZJ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81977481427/attitude"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t understand girls with attitude. I mean, I fully understand, I just think it’s lame. At most, you’re going to attract desperate guys who’ve never been with a girl before or guys who are so wired to fuck, that they’re willing to be rejected every single time because the thrill alone of seeking gives them meaning. No decent, caring guy is going to go to the effort to deal with a girl who’s bitchy, has a heightened sense of who they are or is insecure about their emotions. 

Of course, not everyone wants a partner and I’m sure people with attitude get a kick out of what they do, which is fair enough. If that’s what best expresses themselves, then I certainly wouldn’t want to deny anyone their right of expression. It doesn’t really bother me; I tend to shut up and get out of the way.

I guess coming from my own personal experience, love is the most amazing feeling I’ve ever experienced and I couldn’t possibly imagine trading it for another else. Be it self-love or attachment of another person. I think the feeling of love goes well beyond image, status, weath etc. Though this is purely my own bias speaking; my reality is different from your own. 

On the topic of love however, I think people often confuse image with having real sense of self-esteem. I mean, is being a cunt really an expression of love or is it an expression of something else? That’s part of the reason why I think it’s all bullshit and just another form of delusion. 

I believe attitude is a result of trauma, just as most behavioral changes are. I have a view that love is our default state and that anything deviated from this mean, is delusion. I say this because children are naturally happy. Yet you know what changes as they grow older? All these rules are introduced into their lives which say you can’t do this or you can’t do that and they become cynical and you notice, they’re no longer sprung with love. They’re “civilized”. 

When someone has attitude, they’re effectively making their own rules in their head, about how to operate (as a way to avoid further trauma, which is a fallacy within themselves) and they wonder why they have low self-esteem or a sense of self-rejection. They’re denying their ability to function as a human being. Either a guy treated them like shit or they were assaulted or cheated on etc. 

I dunno, I guess that’s why I like girls with intelligence, because it gives a lot more room to bargain and actually be open and express your emotions. If you present a fair deal, then they’re going to react accordingly. You can’t naturally have a union borne out of stability.