---
id: "83036713845"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "bad."
summary: "bad."
date: "2014-04-17 22:53:15 GMT"
slug: "bad"
state: "draft"
tags: "sex,horny,orgasm"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DLNxDr"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83036713845/bad"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m not a bad guy. In fact I’m incredibly courteous, well-considered and knowledgeable, but… the fact is… I really, really want to fuck you.

I can talk about economics, health, politics, wisdom, self-awareness, philosophy and just about anything for hours on end and maintain the most wonderful and interesting conversations into the human psyche, but… I really would prefer to stick my dick inside your cute little pussy and make you squeal.

I love to write. It’s literally the one thing I can do all day, not get bored and leave a great big smile on my face, but really… I would just prefer to grab you by the throat, pin you down and thrust you violently with my fingers.

Gee.

I do have a genuine care for people. I go out of my way to make people happy. But this itch is killin’ me. Maybe you’d like to tug it a lil’. Not even a tiny bit? 

If you haven’t yet noticed the trend, I’m an insanely horny guy with very little clarity to grasp in his mind. Sex is basically all I can think about and I’m not sure if it’s because I haven’t orgasmed in three weeks or if it’s because of a lifetime of a repressed sexual desire. All I know is that I can feel my urethra teetering on the edge and I don’t even fucking know what a urethra is.

I had a very profound thought earlier as to why I love to write. 

I write because it’s a constructive way for me to channel my sexual energy aka sexual frustration, as opposed to blowing my load onto a virtual girl on my computer screen.

Ugh, I’m still hungover from last night. I don’t care what it takes. I’m eventually going to find another girl who’s just as horny as me and who lives within the same area of Melbourne as me and has the same ideas about life as me and it’s going to be the best thing ever.