---
id: "83494582499"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "cam."
summary: "cam."
date: "2014-04-22 06:25:22 GMT"
slug: "cam"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DmgZZZ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83494582499/cam"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I have this obsession with sex workers.

I don’t know why. I think it’s because I wouldn’t mind being a cam model or involved in some sort of erotic work. Considering I refrain from masturbation/orgasm and I condemn pornography, is surprising odd. I guess I see it more as an art. 

I do a lot of media. I’ve had really successful podcasts, I’ve done a lot of stuff on youtube that’s gained prominence, as well as a few titbits here and there. I had this idea where I do an erotica podcast where I’d make really erotica noises with a girl and you could sell it to the blind. I also had a blog on tumblr where I’d write erotica and people really like it.

Of course, my dick really ain’t that big. I mean, it’s average at best, but I’ve got this amazing body. I work out a lot, I eat super lean and healthy, I have a standing desk etc. I really do look after my health incredibly well. I can talk about macros and fitness for hours on end.

Also, I’m really good with my body. I know how to pose and my words. Oh god, I know exactly what to say. Dirty talk is my speciality and I used to do a lot of stupid voices when I was younger and practice impersonations, so I got it yo.

I can’t quite describe my obsession. I’ve always thought it subconscious, just because I was incredibly perverted my entire life yet so adverse to sex, that this is my sort of biological response to coping with that.