---
id: "87353058740"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "chase."
summary: "chase."
date: "2014-05-31 02:13:14 GMT"
slug: "chase"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1HMfUMq"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/87353058740/chase"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m kind of glad that I’m half decent looking. Unfortunately not everyone is blessed with that sort of sentiment. I’m certainly no prima donna, but I think everyone has a pretty good sense of how they look, relative to other people. 

As I’m sure you’re aware, I have self-worth issues. I think it stems from the lack of affection in my life, which is something I’m working on. Listen, I’m doing pretty well for myself. I’m not perfect, but I have a lot of things under control. 

Arguably men are much more insecure than women and sex/relationships is a big part of that construct. There is a social and biological pressure for men to find a partner. I guess women feel the same way, but I think there’s more pressure on the guy, because we’re expected to lead the chase. I’ve very rarely had a girl approach me. 

Personally, it’s the affection I lust for and part of me feels incredibly guilty in pursuing women. I feel like a leech of sorts; constantly sifting through women, sucking the life from their tongue. That’s the unfortunate reality of dating - the attempt to find someone who’s just as insecure and desperate as yourself. 

It’s always in the chase that you manage to destroy lives. I feel like I’ve made people feel worse off about themselves and the process, had myself feel worse off because of several encounters with women. That is the trauma of reality. 

You know, when you think about it, being insecure about women is a really good thing. I say that, because it demonstrates that I have everything else in order. It’s almost normal. I mean, I don’t have anxiety issues, I’m incredibly confident, I’m very sociable, I get along with just about anyone (In real life) and I have no real mental or physical illnesses to speak of

Anyway, I was reading this book on Taoist love making