---
id: "88073490385"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "compel."
summary: "compel."
date: "2014-06-07 12:37:56 GMT"
slug: "compel"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1I1bi-H"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/88073490385/compel"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m beginning to think that maybe it’s the depression that compels me to live. I’m not claiming to be negotiating with terrorists here, but I’m feeling very icky about this. Horrible. 

I think I get pleasure out of being depressed, to an extent. I suppose I compare it to heavy drinking; it’s as if you’re constantly being battered by the forces. Let me tell you, I LOVE feeling vulnerable. I think it’s because I’m the sub to a large extent, but then, oh gee, I really don’t know. 

Depression is the inverse to being madly in love. It’s excruciating, however it’s admittedly passionate and I put my pain down to being presumptuously passionate about life. I embrace every single aspect of life and that is precisely my downfall. I have a difficult time dealing with depression, because I have to take it as something personal and soul crushing. I don’t just want to be heart broken, I also wanted to be liquefied and crushed into rubble. 

I think in adopting these cycles, it’s as if I’m not willing to change who I am, yet I’m willing to play along with the ‘game’ and 

ut when I’m happy, it’s the most magical thing in the whole entire world. Maybe I take it for granted? 

I’m a rediculously happy guy when things aren’t falling apart around me. I think it’s a coping mechanism to an extent. I’m very funny and I make people, including myself, laugh about things. I laugh about the fact that I’m this unlucky, depressed sucker. Then I make fun of everyone.

But even though I’m not the very definition of these words, also tell them about all the stories and they love me for it.