---
id: "81452952743"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "critical."
summary: "critical."
date: "2014-04-02 03:01:04 GMT"
slug: "critical"
state: "draft"
tags: "acceptance,belief system,self-awareness,negativity,self-rejection,hate,love,perfection,perspective,inadequate,failure,loser,jealousy,insecurity,mind"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Bs_Mod"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81452952743/critical"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

One of the major disorders of society is that of the judgmental mind. Let me explain the dynamics of this bad boy. 

Most people have a perfect image of who you should be. That’s the version of yourself who is smart, winning, getting people to pleasure you sexually, earning big bucks, living in a mansion, that sort of thing. That’s what motivates you, as part of the ego you employ. Of course, it doesn’t have to be like this, however it’s a default way of thinking for most people. 

In your mind, you also have a hidden negative self image of yourself. This is the image that you’re a failure, a loser, inadequate etc. etc. etc. This is how you feel when you cannot obtain your perfect self-image. The mind has an odd duality to it. If you are right, then they must be wrong etc. 

Then of course, there is your plain self. In the process of self-rejection, what happens is that critical voice in your mind (judgments) compares you between the various images and that’s the primary cause for insecurity, jealousy, you name it. 

So on the outset of low self-esteem, what you do is that you strive to be your perfect self-image. What happens is that things go well. You’re relatively happy, yet you’re on edge, because cracks appear and now the judge is now comparing yourself to the negative self-image and that’s when the negativity begins to kick in.

Why? Because no matter what you do, you will NEVER become that image of perfection in your mind, so you will always feel inadequate, irregardless of the amount of positive mantra you tell yourself. Even if you do reach your goal, you will need to create a bigger, less obtainable goal in order to keep the “high” going. 

This is a dynamic I was all too familiar with. You’d feel great for a while when you managed to overcome your prior sadness with a jot of “fuck this shit, I’m going to beat this fucking mood” and then a week later, be back into the slum of clueless and inadequacy, wondering how it all fell apart. 

The solution is to dissolve the image based system of thinking. Of course, I know how to do that, however this article is nothing more than a basic overview of dynamics that the mind portrays. The process for change is complex and is not something I wish to extrapolate now. What we’re really walking towards as complete solution, is to end up in a state of self-awareness where we’re not dictated by a bunch of images in our head.

When you’re self-aware, you do not rely on a system of images. You simply exist to serve your own will. You are not limited by fear or by the doubts of who you are or should be. You are happy and in-control, by any measure.

You do not live in a virtual perception, you embrace reality for what it and you have completely acceptance of who you are.