---
id: "81469742819"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day four."
summary: "day four."
date: "2014-04-02 07:05:13 GMT"
slug: "day-four"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Bt_PxZ"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81469742819/day-four"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Orgasm most certainly ruined the female body for me. I remember when I was a virgin, little less than a year ago, the prospect of touching a boob made me feel giddy. Hell, it was the anticipation of sex which felt more rewarding that the sex itself. You would look at the female body and the ambiguity in their apparel and drool at the hidden features of lust and tomfoolery. Then once I sorted eased into the routine of sex, I began to care less and less about the body I was fucking. I just wanted to cum and that was the history of it. A single moment in time, suspended in a memory insignificant enough to remember. 

That’s obviously part of the reason I’m giving up orgasm. I don’t like that attitude and I know exactly what to do to reverse it. I’ve done it before. I know it feels like. It’s time to rock and roll baby! 

Slowly and surely, my attraction towards female physical beauty is making a come back. Not just your usuals, like your tits and your ass, but the subtle sillouette of a girls curves or . It isn’t a perverted vision - it’s almost an innocent one at that. 

Those grunge chicks who wears chokers. Fuck yes. 

I want to go back to when I would look into a girls eyes and be transfixed on the intelligent glean in their cheeks. Their smile. My biggest problem with seduction, is that I have all these daring ideas that I want to carry out in my head, but I’m too scared of the ramifications. I’m the kind of guy who wants to slam you against the wall and start making out. I want to shock you with excitement. The worst thing is that I know EXACTLY what would turn on a girl and excite her, but it unfortunately, it crosses the boundaries of what may get me in trouble.

For example, one trick is to really invade a girls personal space by using the power of suggestion with the body. You make it seem as if they’re sucking you in, when really you’re just employing game. It’s all in the eyes. You can capture someone with your eyes, as long as you suggest what they’re thinking in their head. If someone stares at you longer for three seconds with you staring back, it means they want to make out with you. That’s when you go in for the kill. The problem is that this is all observational theory I’ve picked up over the years and I’m 99% sure I’m right, but it freaks me out that a girl might shout rape or whatever.