---
id: "83394388335"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day 21."
summary: "day 21."
date: "2014-04-21 08:35:41 GMT"
slug: "day-21"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DgiM5l"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83394388335/day-21"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

It’s been 21 days since I last orgasmed. That’s pretty darn good if you ask me. There were some close ones, but thank you for all the people who carried me through xx

So if you must know, I work in hardware store and that means helping people with their problems which I honestly have no clue about. Retail is a game of confidence. Now, I know literally nothing about power-tools. I don’t even remember the last time I even used one, but quite frankly, if you read whatever it says on the box you’re automatically heralded an “expert”.

Anyway, the thing I love about my job is that I get to interact with people and I’ve noticed I’m really good at flirt. Because you’re technically in a position of authority, that gives you room to fuck around and play with people’s perceptions. The naughtier you are, the more the love it.

I can win over most girls.

It’s disturbing, because I remember there was this 10 year old girl and she couldn’t stop staring at me and it wasn’t just staring, but that kind of “I want to fuck you so bad right now” stare. Gee, I did it when I was 10 as well.

So I’m this super horny guy around customers and naturally, I’m going to approach the attractive ones. Ever since giving up, I can’t help but eye fuck them. Like, seriously, I just get overly obsessed with their body and ways in which I can touch it.