---
id: "81538693485"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day three."
summary: "day three."
date: "2014-04-03 00:52:05 GMT"
slug: "day-three"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1By5Rbj"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81538693485/day-three"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

One of the difficulies of giving up orgasm, is coming to terms with the fact that you’re not going to be able to explore another girl sexually in the same way as you did before. I mean, you can still have sex as well as the usual penetration, just no orgasm. The technical term is called Karezza sex.

Dare I say, Karezza sex feels amazing and every single anecdote I’ve read thus far, has said it’s many times better than conventional sex. However with that said, it’s a slow transition that requires discipline and you can’t expect to get it right the first time. Hell, how many times do people fail to stick with a diet?

Karezza itself is slow. The trade off is that you feel it more and arguably it’s more pleasurable, but it does take some getting used to. The big thing for me was that it’s incredibly relaxing and there’s no pressure to perform, which is ironic, because I’m actually dying to cum during karezza, when I literally cannot do it at all when I focus on orgasm. Relaxation is key, not confidence.

The only problem with penetration, is that I inevitably want to cum everytime, which means I’m not doing it slowly enough or the pleasure gets ahead of me in the moment and i say fuck it and cum, afterwards which I feel terrible for being weak. At that point, you realise how lame orgasm really is. Was it really worth throwing away everything you worked for, just for that insignificant moment that lasted for a few basic second?

I want to make relationships feel special. People don’t remember the sex as the focal point. They remember the cute dates, the banter, their personality, their peculiarities and that’s what I really want to focus on. Oxytocin induced cuddling is what makes it feel magical, not the fluctuating dopamine rush.

Basically, I want to have the next 2 weeks penetration/orgasm free, maybe even three, and then play around with slow (and I mean slow, slow) sex, to see if I can keep that up.

I shouldnt be complaining or feeling guilty for where I am. I think you have to start out addicted to orgasm, ween off it and go through abstinence for a period of time and then go back to orgasm, to get a true appreciation of how amazing abstinence truly is. I’ve been blaming myself that things haven’t gone better, when really they couldn’t have gone any better. I think you need that sort of perspective so you can appreciation for your actions and that’s what pushes you forward.