---
id: "81478125812"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "day five."
summary: "day five."
date: "2014-04-02 11:07:14 GMT"
slug: "day-five"
state: "draft"
tags: "orgasm,sex,nofap,challenge,masturbation,addiction,pornography,dopamine"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BuUOZq"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81478125812/day-five"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Today was….

People probably think, “Gee man, is orgasm that big of a deal? I mean, everyone does it? Isn’t masturbation healthy?”

There are a few things to discern here. Let me start by saying that masturbation per say, isn’t the issue (though I will get to that later). The true cause for addiction is in fact pornography. The problem with pornography, is that it is a fatal form of hyper stimulation. It is not natural, just like how all the sugary foods we have today are also a form of hyper stimulation. That’s why we have so many obese people in today’s society, our genes are wired to take advantage of the excess calories that food provide. Way back when pre-civilization, you took every opportunity you could to get nutrition, in the fear that the food wouldn’t be there in the following days. It was survive or die. 

The problem in today’s modern society, is we still have that same genetic pathway via our reward circuitry, which regulates dopamine (our motivation hormone). Now our biology isn’t inherently evil, however that doesn’t mean it cannot be abused in the modern context of today’s society. 

Sugar, like drugs, risky behaviors, pornography induced orgasm etc. is another anomaly our bodies cannot handle. It is too good, yet our bodies think you can never have enough of a good thing. 

So that address the addiction side of things. However with that said, our bodies aren’t designed to constantly orgasm and I can happily say the absence of orgasm in my mind, was honestly the best I’d felt, possibly ever. I had so much more energy, focus, that vague “haze” after orgasm wasn’t present. 

It gives you so much more confidence to approach women and somehow, it makes women more approachable to you. Anyway, you have to read up on the chemistry behind it. Basically, I see no sufficient reason to orgasm. It is simply a waste of time with zero benefit to your life. Humans have no requirement to orgasm, outside of conception, period.

The “feel good” argument doesn’t register in my brain. There are many other ways you can feel good about yourself, in ways that don’t mess with the neurochemistry in the brain. Though ultimately, it’s something you have to try. Until you’ve seen the other side, you really don’t know what you’re missing out on. It’s like being under a depression and not realising how good it is to be happy, until you actually get there. It’s not worth cheating yourself for a few moments of pleasure. At least that’s how I feel about myself.