---
id: "88059497400"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "details."
summary: "details."
date: "2014-06-07 07:04:08 GMT"
slug: "details"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1I0mKku"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/88059497400/details"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Crushing depression is conceited, arrogant. You don’t even begin to feel human and everything really hurts. Your entire body becomes conveniently mashed jelly; the soup of your emotional pain. Of course, you sort of realise that while you can’t avoid the grieving, the process remains necessary and entirely healthy. 

Sarrrrr, a chilling experience for any lone man to despair. Bar childbirth. Man, these cunts are really cramping our style beyond no end!

Beyond. No. End. 

So, as you may not know, I’m a little obsessed with John Howard. Ahhhh, in that sort of “serial killer" way. I kill people for pleasure. Oh please, I can barely cut meat with the fucking things. Knives n’ shit. 

I woke up this morning and I distinctly thought: 

"You know what? It doesn’t mean I can’t do nothing about it.”

That was that. 

So basically, I’m admitting to being this emotionally vulnerable man - me. But fuck it. That doesn’t mean I can’t do nothing about it. It means I have all the more opportunity for change. 

I’m not going to give up. I’ve never felt in my life that I’d truly given up. Who knows. I’ve mourned so many times that it almost feels natural to me.

It’s about attitude. The fact is, I am who I am, but never in my life have I given up. The worst thing you can possibly do is think that your effort is somehow tainted or immoral. You demonize trying. You become a whore. 

A hiccup here. A hiccup there. 

“Oh please, someone save me!”

Dramatic cue. He actions towards victory. 

“Cut!" 

The crowd dies a pinkish hue.