---
id: "83695694732"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "ego."
summary: "ego."
date: "2014-04-24 05:43:51 GMT"
slug: "ego"
state: "draft"
tags: "love,philosophy,concecpts,self-awareness,ego,happiness,life"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DyflEC"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83695694732/ego"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

There’s a very simple reason why people have ego and it’s for the exact opposite reason than you think it is.

People have ego because they don’t have self-esteem.

Think about it. If you were completely content with the way you are, you wouldn’t care about the way you dressed. You wouldn’t do things to fit in or impress others. You wouldn’t have to put on any make up to feel pretty. You wouldn’t have any sense of negativity about yourself; you’d simply accept yourself for the way you are. It is humble living.

You would simply exist. Carefree and happy.

You are not controlled by images in your mind once you have self-esteem. In fact, you have no images at all and the idea of identity makes you spill over and laugh. You simply find the humour in everything. The extent to which people cover up their tragedy, is hilarious, because they’re not even aware of it themselves.

Emo’s are hilarious. I mean, incredibly tragic by nature, but hilarious. They completely change the way they dress, the music they listen to, the way they feel, all because of a simple insecurity. You cannot help but laugh. It is madness, no different to watching a clown on a stage.

I mean, all you need to do is read back on my blog to truly grasp how funny it all is. Just a few posts back, I was completely infatuated with a girl I barely knew and hadn’t even met. I was experiencing emotional extremes, based upon a few texts upon my screen. It’s the definition of hilarity.

When you’re self-aware, everything becomes equally stupid as it is wonderful. Why does anything need to be serious when you’re already happy with who you are?

People will then say that these particular aspects of their lives are their passions and that it’s an expression of who they are.

Yet surely by any standards, what does ego have to do with expressing love? Surely love should be the passion by which you conduct yourself? It takes very little to love. It certainly doesn’t require a sense of style or particular brand of thought. These are just excuses to prevent yourself from truly loving and that means simply, to have an open and welcome heart.

Fear is most dangerous when it is sold as love.