---
id: "84673522060"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "extreme."
summary: "extreme."
date: "2014-05-04 01:53:51 GMT"
slug: "extreme"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1EsxscC"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/84673522060/extreme"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

In a sense, I think I’m a man of extremes. I’m extremely happy or I’m extremely sad. Hated like death or cherished like fire. Incredibly honest or fatal in limbo, as I attempt to pull your strings. Of course, context is a huge part of it.

I live to experience and that’s all you need to know. You can take it or leave it. These writings are impartial to how you want to see the world; they’re a journal of the heart which seeks to learn.

Then it hit me.

I have no real morals and that essentially classifies who my friends are: experiences waiting to be explored. 

It’s wierd how some people have nothing compelling to say. They have no tales to tell. No tales of bravery. No tales of trauma. No concept of pure degradation. Of course, that’s not entirely true. A lot of people do and I do not doubt that for a second. 

However few people live for the narrative. They don’t crave the story, but rather the badge of honor they keep suitably close to their forehead. 

I mean, people get obsessed over bands or movies or TV characters or what have you and that seems oddly… I can’t quite put my finger on it. I simply couldn’t bring myself to do it. I want to embellish myself into the danger. Eat into the delusion. Take drugs to a state of comatose. It’s my simple expression of gratitude. 

I would love to become a war correspondent; to witness the incredible tragedy of our own politics.

Then it occured to me why I don’t get along with most people; there simply is no adventure to their life. To a large extent, that’s why I enjoy exploring logic with people; it’s why I love flirt.

I suppose that’s part of the reason I love being myself. Sure, you expose yourself dearly in the lies and manipulation, yet it’s a true representation of character and it allows people to make up their own minds as to what they think about me. 

Fact is, it turns off most people. They can’t stand the adventure and let tell you, I’ve been fucked around by friends a few times, to end up best friends, because we both know it’s all about the experience.

It’s what you live for that counts and I have no shame in saying that I live for the experience. 

Good or bad. Genuine or fake. Heroic or tyrant. I do not objectify my reality.