---
id: "81387723362"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "feminism."
summary: "feminism."
date: "2014-04-01 13:39:31 GMT"
slug: "feminism"
state: "draft"
tags: "feminism,equality,civilisation,society,ideology,politics,rights,patriarchy,empowerment,fear"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Bp5XfY"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81387723362/feminism"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t understand feminism. 

By definition alone, you cannot advocate equality by focusing on a single gender. People say it’s all about catch-up and while I don’t disagree with the notion, I don’t believe ideology is optimal at transfering ideas across the spectrum. 

My idea for equality concerns a union of acceptance amongst both genders, not as bargaining tool for one gender to use against the other. Equality is not a war. It is not a fight. It is not a struggle. Otherwise it is neither legitimate nor equal in it’s conceptual morality. 

To suggest that you must fight for your rights is to really suggest that nothing is truly equal and that we’re all just bargaining tools for our own self-interest. Hell, it even gives legitimacy for our so-called “patriarchy” to further suppress women out of pure self-interest. Tyranny is a bitch when it’s used back. 

Too difficult for you to understand? Ahhhh, yes. You nailed it. There is no such thing as equality and it really IS about fighting for what you want to keep. Don’t like the guy standing next to you? Kill him or at the very least, call him a faggot and be done with it. 

So therefore, what is my self-interest? Well, not to be suckered into non-existent bipartisan by a bunch of progressive rhetoric. 

Feminism is more than just a tool for empowerment. It is a tool to build ego, as so many ideologies are. Most people would be lost without their collective to give them the opinions they crave, which is hilarious, seeing as peace conceptually represents a lack of chatter/opinion. Oh well. Ideology gives people hope in name, rather than as an action of the collective good. It appeals to the fear of the mind, rather than the glorification of it’s actions - both poisonous. 

The biggest problem people have as a collective, is that they outsource their thoughts and opinions to a bunch of social arbiters, only to be returned with a bitter taste in their mouth, they coincide with victory. That’s why you have things such as feminism, because it’s an easy solution to individualism. All the while, society fades away into obscurity and the people become ever more confused as to why their “progressiveness” isn’t chuffing along as planned. 

I’m generally quite distasteful of all ideologies. Political solutions are… HA. Let’s just say that if there were such thing as political solutions, we certainly wouldn’t need the politics in the first place. In fact, we don’t. Self-interest, remember? 

Listen, it’s not the cause that’s the harm. Good intentions are constantly distorted and that’s something I won’t place the blame on. It’s the principle that doesn’t sit right. Nature demands chaos - just as order is a higher level of chaos in it’s reception. Rinse and repeat. 

“Civilization is born stoic and dies epicurean.”