---
id: "82652812659"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "first."
summary: "first."
date: "2014-04-14 03:19:12 GMT"
slug: "first"
state: "draft"
tags: "depression"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1C_VTLp"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82652812659/first"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

It’s somewhat disturbing to observe my first ex.

She has a lot of pent up hatred and anger. I don’t think it’s necessarily real, however I do think it helps her deal with the struggle of her own existence. I don’t think hatred is a normal response to everyday life. It’s an emotional reaction, not a sustained state of being. It’s a coping mechanism to deal with your pain.

She’s become very judgemental and jaded. She has this thing for criticising white, middle-aged men. Usually to do with racism or inequality, which is racist and in-equal within itself. Of course, at the same time she’s a sex worker and she recently lamented her disappointment because of not securing a middle-aged, white sugar daddy (though it could just be sarcastic rhetoric).

She’s very feminist, but it’s that kind of anger feminism. A pure hatred for men.

eh.

I think the main thing is that I find tragic, is that she rarely expressed love, if ever. It’s always judgement. It’s always hate. I dunno, I’m just going by her twitter account. She’s always fighting, most prominently with herself. That’s why she’s so depressed, because it’s a fight you can never win. You continually beat yourself down until you become so defeated, that you transcend into another stage of irrationality. It’s a never-ending cycle.

People have this propensity to win, even if they can’t. It’s why so many people lose money on the stock market. Yet depression isn’t a matter of winning or losing. You don’t “beat” depression. Depression isn’t “winning” against you. The depression is created in your mind, so as long as you think within these paradigms, it will always have the upper hand on you.

She’s just really confused and I don’t blame her. Maybe one day she can see herself clearly in the mirror. My hopes aren’t high.