---
id: "81446955926"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "hate."
summary: "hate."
date: "2014-04-02 01:58:25 GMT"
slug: "hate"
state: "draft"
tags: "hate,feminism,blame,forgiveness,depression,delusion,mental disorder,empathy,equality"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BsdUkM"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81446955926/hate"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I don’t see any legitimate reason to hate. There are so many people on Tumblr who are all negative n’ shit against guys via feminism, thinking it’s okay. Let me tell you, hate in any form serves to distort peace. Negativity only serves to strengthen the bonds that hate has bought together. It is an imperfect polarity of the me vs you syndrome. Then it gets even worse when the hate is generalised to entire genders, so that everyone is in pain. 

There’s a very good reason democracy doesn’t bring the results we want. It is a farce of ideology in self-interest, not a structure of viable solutions. Then again, was anything really broken to begin with?

Listen, I’ve had a terrible time with many different people over my life, but the key difference I don’t bitch about it. I’ve had hundreds of dollars stolen and never repaid back. Cheated. Lied to. The first girl I ever got close with, completely turned me off women for years. My first girlfriend . The second girl completely blocked me out of her life, out of nowhere. 

Of course, I’m not perfect either and part of recovery from anything traumatic is to first admit your own responsibility in regard to the issue. I was fucked over and you know what? It was completely my fault. I accept that and instead of living in a false reality in my head, thoughts which bring upon depression, I am going to feel empowered for the choices I’ve made in my life, even if I had nothing to do with them and move forward. 

People are prone to telling themselves a narrative which they so easily believe. Be aware that there are a billion different narratives, yet only one universal reality which relies on the laws of nature. 

I don’t believe anyone deserves blame, no matter how bad they are. To empathise with someone, is to understand where they’re coming from, not to despise their actions. Equality is about acceptance and forgiveness, not contempt. You cannot possibly preach feminism or any ideology in mind, without these into considerations. Otherwise you’re no better than the worst of them; the very people you claim to avoid. 

You wonder why society has so many problems in the way of mental disorders. Unless if you understand the dynamics of your illness, you will continue to buy into the delusion that you so dearly hold. Happiness is the default state, buddy. People are deluded for so long, that they don’t even remember what it’s like to be human. 

I can only observe.