---
id: "81537471905"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "hot."
summary: "hot."
date: "2014-04-03 00:38:21 GMT"
slug: "hot"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1By0nMX"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81537471905/hot"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I wonder what goes on in the head of a hot person. I think there’s a certain level of delusion and arrogance, considering that image is an internal construct of mind, not that dependent on the stimuli itself.

I think this where image comes heavily into play. You have girls who are naturally stunning, yet you also have girls who look stunning because of who they’ve styled themselves. The key difference however, is the attitude.

In a sense, the girls who style themselves have a predisposition (a natural right, so to speak) to be arrogant, because that is the image they’re trying to sell. It is a form of propaganda that is purely aware on their behalf. That’s why you don’t feel so “awkward” around the grunge girls, cause they just doing there thing. It’s an act.

On the other hand, you have legit hot people and their flair comes across as arrogant, because they’re making the deluded assumption that they are already the cause, when there is no introspection on your behalf.

How you think about a girl actually has nothing to do with her persay. It all has to do with your own beliefs that you’re choosing to commit to. Just like how some people may prefer Asians over white people, or short people over tall. These are personal agreements, not external. It also means those preferences are prone to change.

I think where the arrogance comes in, is when a hot person assumes “I make people feel a certain way about themselves because of me” when really the belief is purely dependent on the person perceiving. That’s what turns me off.

If you want to attract people, you have to be humble and make the assumption that they have no predispositions about you, otherwise the relationship is already one sided.

Unless of course you have two people who think they’re hot and they both live in a world of imagery, which eventually breaks apart because one always thinks they’re better than the other. There’s no security in that sense - only a power struggle that is devoid of love.

Only you can see your throne when you act like a queen. The bigger your throne, the smaller your kingdom.