---
id: "83508752182"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "Ideology."
summary: "Ideology."
date: "2014-04-22 11:36:18 GMT"
slug: "ideology"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DnWcys"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83508752182/ideology"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Ideology.

I don’t agree with ideology, because ideology does not agree with nature. Mental illness, depression and negativity is a deviation from nature - it is not a natural occurrence, it is a result of the rational brain. In order to combat these unwanted feelings, people create a set of ideologies to further cement their own paradigm. It’s literally hope against nature, because humans are unable to take responsibility for their own nature. It’s a delusion. Nature owns us.

Feminism is one of these concepts. 

It has it’s good and bad, which is precisely the problem. It’s ultimately moralistic. It tries to fit things into very distinct squares, when ultimately the world is a multi dimensional plane full of chaos and variability. It is not fluid. It is not plastic. It is brainwashing with intent to distort human nature.

You do not ‘believe’ in equality and it is not fought for, because are contradicts in the stable paradigm of nature. Sudden change brings for dramatic consequences. Civilization is not natural, yet humans have come to accept the various ailments that have worn us down. Stress. Anxiety. Depression. Loneliness.

These are the faces of so-called progression.

Hilariously, empowerment is not real. It is a feeling. In fact, it’s a responsibility that comes down to your willingness to live. The fact is, you are no more empowered than you were before. You have the same hands. The same mouth. Your body is largely intact. What changed was your attitude.

When a guy comes up to you and beats the living crap out of you for being a “bad wife”, ultimately that’s traumatic. When your boyfriend cheats on you and steals all your things, the resulting depression cannot be blamed.

So you turned to ideology.

Perhaps it was driven by anger. Fear. Trauma. Ah, do you see?

You’re fighting fire with fire, which breeds even more hatred and 

Equality isn’t born out of fear. It is born out of love. Ideology is simply a compromise. It is a coping mechanism. All that’s left are your desires. 

However fighting fire with fire by hating men or joining ideology, is not going to put out your flames. It is not an acceptance, it is a disturbance.