---
id: "83766591493"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "nature."
summary: "nature."
date: "2014-04-25 00:26:32 GMT"
slug: "nature"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1E0uC05"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83766591493/nature"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Human identity is a very big problem which truly obscures our ability to function laterally within nature. 

Every single one of our thoughts relates back to ourselves. Our hunger. Our survival. Our pain. Our suffering. Our joy. Never theirs. 

We’re convinced that the human race is the only thing that truly exists on this earth today. We’re global. We’re just about everything and more in our daily lives. The very idea of language, written and vocal, is inherently human. It’s not like we listen to goat music with zebra backup vocals? I mean, where have you been on this earth where there hasn’t been human influence? Buildings. Roads. People. It’s ingrained into our mind that this very idea of life was built around the human being.

That is a delusion. It is a complete disconnect from reality itself. 

Consider the billions of species on this planet whom have never come into contact with the human race. Crustacean which could give two fucks about what’s happening with the Kardashians. Furthermore, most species aren’t conscious enough to even comprehend this idea of “humanity”. This is a simple idea to them and it’s logic beyond their realm.

Sure seems like quite a hollow earth we have here when you think about it, ey? If humans are the only species conscious enough to truly comprehend our own delusion, then that hardly makes us in connect with this planet and it’s nature. It simply makes us even more self-centred and avarious towards our own tastes. We are the disconnect in the system of pipes and lies.