---
id: "83461801813"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "nuclear."
summary: "nuclear."
date: "2014-04-22 00:04:42 GMT"
slug: "nuclear"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DkjWTL"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83461801813/nuclear"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I used to have an obsession with the nuclear bomb.

I’m not sure why, but I think it’s the greatest discovery that humans have ever come up with. I mean, you’re essentially creating a mini sun on earth and the very idea that you can harness that amount of energy for such a small amount of material, is truly astounding.

Of course, the technology is still quite raw and very little has changed, because humans are somewhat limited in terms of controlling physics. We can only work with it. We still have no control over the direction that the energy takes place. If you’ve ever seen a video of a nuclear explosion, it creates this humongous ball of fire that rises up into the atmosphere (which is what creates the mushroom cloud). 

Now just imagine if you could control that energy so that instead of rising up, you could spread it out over a vast territory. You could do so much more with what you’ve got and yes, unfortunately end vast amount of life as well. 

I find it difficult to believe that we’ll be able to have that much mastery over reality. While humans are in-genius, we are not genius within ourselves. I mean, if you look at a lot of our achievements in the past decade, a great deal of it has been virtual i.e. communication or perhaps in some areas of biology and .

But fundamental changes in the electromagnetic energy we convey? Not really. Supposedly fusion power is slowly gaining progress, but energy generation has always remained the same: Either convert heat or movement into energy. Very little has changed. A large part of that has to do with energy transfer between objects and the lack of advancement there. Heat is a huge waste and biproduct when it comes to