---
id: "82970720942"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "reality."
summary: "reality."
date: "2014-04-17 05:47:15 GMT"
slug: "reality"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1DHSBgk"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82970720942/reality"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

reality.

Sometimes I find reality unnerving. You’ll have moments of spontaneity where you’ll realise how detailed vision is and it’ll break open into a completely new paradigm of intellectual understanding. There’s also that moment you’re self-aware and ultimately in control over your own physical body. I want you to stare at your hand and most just one finger. You just did that, but how exactly?

Humans are on cruise control most of the time. We abide by a schedule of function and utility. Everything has become so automatic, it’s almost as if we’re barely living our lives. It’s as if they live them for us.

That’s like I like to put myself in high pressure situations. I like to test myself. I remember one time, I was chased by a guy with a meat cleaver and it sucked, because he ended up catching me ya. Not my most glorious moment, though I’ve written about it on previous blogs.

People don’t realise how much responsibility they have, even if they don’t recognise it. You can choose to end your life and this very moment, as well as the life of another human being. You can also become a millionaire. The possibility is all there. It’s just all simple matter of how, which really is no simple matter.

I love to think about concepts. I mean, our modern concepts surrounding time are stupid.