---
id: "86308227680"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "reasons."
summary: "reasons."
date: "2014-05-20 14:00:18 GMT"
slug: "reasons"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1GONmfW"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/86308227680/reasons"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m getting back onto nofap. People think addictions are difficult to break, however they’re not. If you ever feel like you need to “fight” your addiction, then take it from me, stop and give into it. You’re not in the right state of mind. 

If I recovery doesn’t feel effortless, then chances are it’ll be doing more harm than good. You need reason to give up. There’s no point giving up, for the very sake of giving up. You need to have a principle to guide; to tell you why you genuinely want to give up. Then there will be no resistance, because you’ll be impeccable with your word.

For me, I’m giving up porn and masturbation for one primary factor: So I can better focus on experiencing the unlimited possibility of life and to be grateful for the opportunity in doing so. 

I don’t think it’s wise to have a whole basket of reasons, because that gives you more room to rationalise against your own beliefs. If you say, I’m giving up masturbation/porn so that sex will be better, sure, that’s a valid reason, however what if at a certain point in time, you decide that you don’t care about sex? 

Even if you have all those other reasons, it won’t matter in the moment because they don’t become relevant. That’s why I’m sticking to this idea that masturbation detracts from living my life and it’s an idea I’m going to stick to.