---
id: "81468646676"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "self-love."
summary: "self-love."
date: "2014-04-02 06:41:17 GMT"
slug: "self-love"
state: "draft"
tags: "love,philosophy,writing,ego"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BtwEKK"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81468646676/self-love"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I think most people are deluded into believing that they self-esteem and a sense of self-love. What they really feel is their ego jolting five levels up their spine, one layer at a time, building into a metamorphosis of toxic anthropology. Let’s see what happens when you…

Strip away your identity. Take away your possessions. All of your friends, as well as your loved ones. Dismantle your tumblr and everything you’ve worked hard for in that life you call “own”. The very world which teases you with information, crumbling down to a minute detail on your lip. Is your love still unconditional, given that there is now nothing left to love but the remaining space in your head; so pure, so divine? 

Do you ever get depressed or whiny? That feeling of frustration or regret? The doubt which lingers in your mind? The immense fear which creeps within your organs and sighs to your death? Is it possible to call any of these qualities an extension of the healthy mind, which bathes in it’s own lack of self-loathing? Comfort eat, cry, 

You are most likely not in-control. Perhaps it is projected hate disguised as love. That is a most popular option, given common misinformation in today’s world. 

I don’t doubt that some people love themselves. But if I ever seek any hint of ego building, bias, external reliance, then you cannot say to love yourself. It’s an illusion to say that you love everything other than:

a)

b)

c) 

simply because you cannot stand to live in a world so traumatic to your experience. Spend an entire day outside in nature, without preoccupying a simple thought. 

May it be the seditious thing you do to your life.