---
id: "83796371998"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "tard."
summary: "tard."
date: "2014-04-25 06:37:36 GMT"
slug: "tard"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1E2foeU"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/83796371998/tard"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m just thinking how much more retarded I’d be if life had just worked out. I was a complete social outcast. Got the bitches when the call meant most. Lavishly dipped my cash into cast gold, just so my wad of cash wouldn’t blow away into the wild, due to the vast nature of it’s abundance.

Oh wait, I can’t hear you there buddy. My wife is currently on the end of my cock and she’s makin’ waaaaayyyyyyy too much noise there. I suppose it’s time for a new one.

*cocks gun*

It would mean no depression or struggle. No reliance on my own intelligence to theorise and justify the pain from within. I’d just sort of drift from success to success; gaining motivation to simplifying the square into circles and oh, fuck your logic because I have money and you don’t.

Now that I’m wiser with my words, I’m much used to the pain.

Heart break. Fuck yes.

I mean, it’s the most horrible, crushing pain in the whole entire world, yet I’m so familiar with it, I almost see it as a temporary aspect of life. It’s like when you watch a horror movie. It’s horrifying, yet that’s precisely why you do it. To have the absolute shit kicked out of you.

I don’t think I could do physical pain, but bring on the psychological anyday. It’s just another puzzle for me to solve. I guess that’s why I love cycling so much. You’ll be dying. Literally dying and that shit don’t matter. You started at point A and you vowed to reach point B.

Just do it.

I wonder if you do it to reach your destination or more prominently for the journey. The euphoria of success is blinding at times, though it isn’t the kind of thing I’d