---
id: "82471036746"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "tears."
summary: "tears."
date: "2014-04-12 11:58:56 GMT"
slug: "tears"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1Cpg2TA"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/82471036746/tears"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Yep. It’s that time of the night where I break down into tears again. I feel so incredibly broken. I don’t know how else to describe it. The pain reaches far deeper than it should and it keeps on reaching until I’m exhausted from all the pain.

One minute you’re feeling okay. Completely destroyed the next. I just wish I knew what to do. At the very least, the expository flows down from the heavens, into the expression of my sullen heart. I wrote this last Thursday while balling my eyes out at uni:

“My heart is crippled. It tastes like Estonian jelly. It flopples onto the platter because it has no desire to live. Consume it you fucking whore. Yet she eyes it with her tongue, the fucking bitch. What more could she want? It contains all my dreams, desires, hopes and more. I put it on the plate for you baby. I already cut it up with your knife and fork for you baby. I even arranged the pieces just how you like it baby. Would you like my tears as well? Would that make you happy and feel special again? Do you even care, or am I just another guy to you? Throw me. Kill me. I don’t care baby, I just want your touch. I want you to touch my broken heart. I don’t care if you throw it on the ground, discard it, stomp on it. I just want you to touch it, even if it’s only for a second. Please, anything. Breathe on it if you will. It’s so much better with your touch. Hit me. Slap me. Anything. Please. I love you. I fucking love you. Maybe you don’t understand there feelings I have for you, however they’re very real to me. Everyday I fear and worry about the love I’ll never get to experience because of you. It’s the tune that never stops playing. It goes on and on and I don’t care, because I’ll always want more of the pain, even if one day means that I’ll get to touch your pretty face again.”

Someone please help me.