---
id: "81468560600"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "tv."
summary: "tv."
date: "2014-04-02 06:39:32 GMT"
slug: "tv"
state: "draft"
tags: "wtf,spilled ink,words"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BtvvJO"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81468560600/tv"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

“There’s nothing that special about you or me. Nothing to compel me to fuck you and send you into a flurry. You’re kinda like a cheese Jesus on a Saturday afternoon, baking gooey into heretic religion. I ain’t sticking mah dick in that muscle soup, you whore. I got hairs down there lady and they’re worth more to me than the bullshit you tout to those susceptible kids about SELF-RESPECT. Fuck em’ right to hell, those children. I’d kill one to save a tree any of these days, you fake fucking Jesus. 

If you were truly special, you’d shut the fuck up and take it like a good little boy. I’ll rape your gender disparity right now and fuck it up the ass. I want your little cunt bleeding by the side of this road, dumb slut, as a car does a nice job stupiding that fucking face of yours.”

….aaaaaaand I apologise for a change in tonight’s programming! Stay tuned for the Hooley Dooleys scheduled at nine, followed by “tits on tits” Australia’s new web craze featuring Laura the hapless dinosaur and Timmy the Taurus, only on Channel 9.ually, tease is a very good way to stimulate the mind, especially since I’m so quick with my wit. Only a few girls have stumped me, but I dunno, I have a natural talent of making people laugh. 

Television does nothing for my brain. It can’t seem to put my thoughts on autopilot. It’s as if my brain is actively interested in improving itself. It wants to learn. It wants to grow. I love learning, I really do. Reading is a great passion of mine.