---
id: "81479532100"
blogName: "blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx"
type: "text"
title: "weed."
summary: "weed."
date: "2014-04-02 11:40:59 GMT"
slug: "weed"
state: "draft"
tags: "weed,marijuana,high,shit,drugs,love,lsd,psychedelics,hate,creativity"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZZ0w-n1BuZlv4"
postUrl: "https://blackwhiteinkcurvesxxx.tumblr.com/post/81479532100/weed"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I used to enjoy weed. Now I literally cannot stand it. Thinking back in retrospect, I don’t even know how I smoked it for so long.

I literally feel brain dead when I’m high. I cannot think. My mind turns to mush. I cannot write, cannot read and I can barely put my thoughts together for longer than a moment. When I think about it, getting high feels the exact opposite to a high. It feels more like the dulling of reality, including your own intelligence.

Perhaps it goes to show much I hated things back then. It’s difficult to say why I smoked weed after high school, but I think it’s a period most people go through. Perhaps it was exciting at the time, to be doing things such as drugs. The danger of being caught (which I was, along with the whole intervention and the rest of it.) 

I remembering buying an entire ounce over the summer and smoking cones every day and it was sick. I think now that I have obligations and motivations, weed seems like an inhibitor, more than a promoter of creativity. I remember smoking weed and thinking up some great ideas, but your mind would be so bludgeoned, you wouldn’t even be able to do anything about it. 

I think I reached a point where I began appreciating sobriety. I slowly began to realise that you can do more and experience more, when you’re not high. I’m not entirely sure why, but halfway through last year was when I began disliking weed. I don’t know why, but I just hated everything about it. I hated the way it made me feel and just about everything it had to offer to my life.

With that said, I still really like LSD, molly, alcohol and cigarettes. I’m also really interested in trying all the other drugs, like ketamine, coke and all that jazz, though probably not heroin or ice. In defense of weed, I would most certainly take it in combination with psychedelics and other drugs, because it just enhances it so much more. 

I suppose my disdain for marijuana also coincided with when I’d just decided to lose my virginity, so maybe sex is what changed me. Then I think my first relationship consolidated my complete rejection for marijuana. 

Love is just so much more of a powerful drug than weed ever was.