---
id: "108807263870"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "ask."
summary: "ask."
date: "2015-01-22 06:24:19 GMT"
slug: "ask"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1bLQnP_"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/108807263870/ask"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

My favourite thing about tumblr is that I get to message people and have conversations with them. 

I see it as a way of connecting with others, as well as developing a true sense of confidence within myself. I’m not talking about the kind of confidence where I resort to being the “nice guy” in the hope of appeasing everyone or even being a manipulative asshole to elicit attention. I simply want to stay true to myself and it’s a definite work in progress. 

I wouldn’t say I was necessarily gullible, however I lacked confidence in myself and was desperate for affection, as I didn’t believe or value who I was on the inside. It allowed me to be treated poorly and ultimately, to misprice myself for what I was worth. 

A lot has changed since then and I’m very happy with who I am today. No longer do I care if someone doesn’t like me and I actively try my best to improve my character as a person, without compromising the zany personality I keep locked up inside. 

Good confidence attracts good confidence and that’s what I’ve discovered making friends on tumblr. I used to have the most dull, soul destroying conversations with people, simply for the sake of conversation, though no more. If I don’t like it, then I’m out buddy. 

Rejection doesn’t bother me in the slightest. I don’t take rejection personally and I don’t see it as a bad thing. Why talk with someone who a) doesn’t want to talk to you and b) with someone you’re not going to have a meaningful or fulfilling conversation with? 

Because of life’s various frictions, either the wrong time, wrong place, bad moment, forgot to reply etc. 90% of encounters simply aren’t going to work out and that’s totally fine by me. The very fact that I get to have a conversation with someone like-minded is a privilege beyond words.

Now that I feel invested in myself and not trying to pander to people who aren’t inherently me, it’s relieved a lot of stress and pressure that I unnecessarily created for myself. I’m a lot happier now and certainly, I see things more clearly. 

I’m learning to embrace my vulnerability as a human being, while cultivating all the things that I love about myself. 

I’ve talked to hundreds of people on tumblr at the very least and a lot of exchanges go nowhere… and that’s perfectly fine. There’s billions of other people out there, people who actually want to share their ideas and develop in a rewarding and intimate way. 

From what I’ve discovered, attractiveness is reciprocal, which is why it’s all the more important to just be yourself. If someone likes your style, then it’s going to reflect in the way they talk to you and then you can have an easy, similar and enjoyable conversation which will eventually bloom into a meaningful friendship. 

I would like to think it’s a very healthy and honest approach towards life. Principles above power.