---
id: "98423416780"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "diary."
summary: "diary."
date: "2014-09-25 23:10:20 GMT"
slug: "diary"
state: "draft"
tags: "writing,I probably fuck too much shit up"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1RgVYVC"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/98423416780/diary"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

So me and my girlfriend were reading through some of my old dairies and it was uncanny to notice how little my personality has changed, particularly my sense of humor. 

The main takeaway for me is that I simply can’t seem to take anything seriously. People get offended, because they’re hardcore socialists or feminists beyond degree and to me it’s like… okay?

I mean, I live with oppression as well. I get a lot of racism and shit and I was basically isolated during high school, however it was never something that made me feel permanently jaded. People talk about ‘privilege’ and sure, fight for whatever rights you want. Understand however, that rights exist only in your mind.

There’s no need to fight for an idea in your mind. It’s already there, irregardless of whether people recognise it or not. 

Instead, I decided to take the opposite approach. I thought, fuck “your” rights. Fuck “your” society. I’ll create my own set of rights instead and hence, here I am today, living freely within the world of my mind. Sure, you have to put up with the bullshit of reality, but if you’re entirely comfortable with yourself, then why should anything else matter? 

By the same token, I can’t even my own sense of self-worth seriously. I don’t really care much for my identity. I think that’s why I find everything funny. Everything in my mind, is just a disparity from intention. Everything is as trivial or as serious as you wish to make it. 

I’ve always been a very malleable individual. I like the idea of adapting to the situation. If you’re in the presence of an angry mob, don’t go against the flow: mimic their anger. If you’re feeling rebellious, then fuck shit up. 

The world is your playground. Now go play.