---
id: "98416421480"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "empathy."
summary: "empathy."
date: "2014-09-25 21:29:24 GMT"
slug: "empathy"
state: "draft"
tags: "depression,hate,anger,writing,mental illness"
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Rg4sfe"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/98416421480/empathy"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I may not understand some people, but I don’t think my lack of empathy is particularly constructive. It’s like when you see a madman or a homeless person in the street; there’s an instant disconnect and sympathy doesn’t even come close to where it should be. 

I was talking with my ex last night and it’s like… I couldn’t even empathise if I wanted to. It’s like I’d have to cross some sort of insane moral boundary. She’s so far off the path with her depression that I’d have to go against anything resembling a functioning human being, to even begin connecting with her. I wonder if my rationality is even conducive to her health and wellbeing?

She’s so full of hate and judgement and anger and pessimism, it’s almost like, unless if I be those things, I have no way of getting to that precious little place in her mind. I’m a very open-minded, as I don’t really take things personally and I sort of extrude dialogue, whereas she’s so narrow-minded and fixed within her preconceptions of her mental-instability, that my words seem to do nothing more than provoke pain and trigger her anger.

Last night I’d told her about this book I was reading on optimism and this psychologist who’d done decades of research into how depression functions and basically for the next hour, she mocks me with all her anger and hatred, calling it all “phony” bullshit. She goes into this whole myriad of judgements 

She was essentially being an asshole and it’s like, is there even any excuse for this behavior? Is she someone even worth bothering with? I sort of feel like a scapegoat for her anger. I feel like she’s got so much wrath and frustration, that irregardless of what the situation is, she’s just going to explode and preconceive her own reality as she usually does. 

I don’t know. I understand she’s going through a very, very tough time and maybe I add unnecessary pressure to her life. Oh well. 

I don’t think that’s any reason to feel down. There’s so much else in life that I get to love and cherish and explore. I will not be pessimistic because of one person’s experience.