---
id: "100201885415"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "grasp."
summary: "grasp."
date: "2014-10-17 00:59:15 GMT"
slug: "grasp"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1TKVsxd"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/100201885415/grasp"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

There’s always so much to learn. So much to read. So much life to experience. Gee, you know, I think the optimism is trying to murder me; smack bang dead in the middle of broad daylight. Metaphorical knifes are much too expensive nowadays, which is why I always wear my chain armor in bright black. Plus, it’s good for the soul. 

I’ve come to appreciate that mental illness isn’t bullshit, rather, that we’re all “mentally ill” in the interpretations we make. In fact, illness is a very poor world to describe the human spectrum of intelligence. I’d like to think of life as a spectrum of order, rather than as an absolute disorder. Just like how kinetic energy isn’t about having “more cold”, I don’t think depression is an absolute system. 

People who are sad and depressed consistently think that people who are happy and with so-called “privilege” are delusional and elusively retarded without knowing it. Yet at no point do these people ever question their own sadness and ask whether these attitudes are as equally delusional. 

That’s the brilliance of the human mind that I’ve come to discover; it’s all one big delusion. The only issue with the depressed is that they’re inherently short-sighted. They don’t realise that they have the choice to realise whatever delusion they seek. They don’t realise that you actually have the power to be something more than the emotions that dictate day-to-day reality. 

Optimism isn’t a religion, though the people who do take it that far ARE delusional. Positive thinking is not an ideology, but some people swear their lives on it. Absolute power corrupts absolutely and anyone who puts such faith in “delusion” be it your own sense of self-worth, higher meaning, is doing themselves no favours.

Some people can afford to be inflexible, but those who thrive do not. 

People need to understand, optimism is a skill set. Depression is also a skillset. There’s nothing inherently wrong with either skills. I just think, there’s a wiser choice to be made in the way we live our lives and I’m certainly not going to stand by 

Yourself on the other hand, you are free to choose. Be free.