---
id: "98679998965"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "lucky."
summary: "lucky."
date: "2014-09-28 23:54:21 GMT"
slug: "lucky"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1RvoKdr"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/98679998965/lucky"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I’m so lucky to have my girlfriend. I think we have a lot of points of contention, but at the same time, I maybe think that maybe this is what being in a relationship is all about: concessions and co-operation. Perhaps it’s the effort and commitment of a relationship that defines it’s worth, rather than the mere sentiment of having emotions and feelings. 

I forget at times that she’s a girl and that even though she’s insecure and non-malleable in some of the human transactions that takes place, she also has a lot of qualities that I couldn’t even begin to dream of in other women. She allows me to be myself; which is more than any other girl has allowed. The overwhelming fact is that I simply can’t be myself to 99.99% of women.

I can’t go up to a girl and tell her that she’s fat as fuck. I can’t be like, “Man, your hair fucking sucks,” and personally speaking, I don’t have much respect for ego. I’m not interested if your ideas of self-respect are attached to who you think you are, because this idea of self is bullshit. I’m interested in how you function and respond; very little else. I love my girlfriend, because I get to explore everything about her. Her dark, her ugly, her broken side. It doesn’t offend me, it just gives me a flavor I’m willing to explore.

Above all, I love her because she cares and she’s willing to put in the effort to care. She’s one of the least stubborn women I’ve ever encountered. She’s willing to talk about everything and it’s those sorts of difficult conversations that strengthen the relationship. 

In the process however, I’ve also overlooked that if I’m to be myself, that she then also needs the liberal . 

She really is an exception; she’s that girl you really desired, yet never knew existed. I can be as inappropriate as I want; 

I don’t think love is difficult, however commitment is just impossible.