---
id: "100462692605"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "pickup."
summary: "pickup."
date: "2014-10-20 01:40:55 GMT"
slug: "pickup"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1Ta2mZz"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/100462692605/pickup"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

Some women discount the value of pickup techniques. It’s this sort of arrogance that makes women even more susceptible to pickup, because when a technique DOES work, they’ll think it’s something unique. Naivety rarely pays off. 

It’s very, very simple and what makes it so potent, is not so much the methodology, which perfect by itself, but what you do is that you explain to them while you do it and it sort of gives them the impression that you can read their mind. 

The first test is very simple and you have to figure it out within the first 30 seconds, usually within the first statement. The girl will either be a tester of investor. If she’s an investor, she’s like it when you make personal compliments about her. If not, then she’s a tester and you’ll make fun, light hearted comments. That will be the basis of the conversation.

The next part is a little more tricky and can either be recognised instantly or it might take a few hours. If you can read people well, then you’ll be able to know nearly instantly. Either she’ll be a denier or justifier. If she’s a denier, it means she’ll deny sex etc. If she’s a justifier, it means she’ll be open about sex. This can help guide the conversation as the sexual tension continually builds.

Anyway, I could go on for hours, however there are eight types of women and yeah, it works impeccably if the girl wants the same thing as you. Obviously you can’t convince a girl who doesn’t want to be a in a relationship, but that’s okay. 

As for me, I already have a girlfriend so I’m happy