---
id: "98421619020"
blogName: "brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles"
type: "text"
title: "thought."
summary: "thought."
date: "2014-09-25 22:43:43 GMT"
slug: "thought"
state: "draft"
tags: ""
shortUrl: "https://tmblr.co/ZDb_Wm1RgOhbC"
postUrl: "https://brokenheartsandfracturedsmiles.tumblr.com/post/98421619020/thought"
noteCount: "0"
format: "html"
---

I had this thought. 

I don’t think two opposing extremes work well together. Extremes lack empathy, they lack common social construct, they lack co-operation etc. 

What I love about my relationship with my girlfriend, is that she’s not like, this aggressive feminist who’s shoving things down people’s throats. I don’t even think the topic of feminism has ever come up, once. I mean, if I’m ever an asshole, it’s never because “I should stop being a man” it’s because “I need to be more understanding as a person.” By the same token, I’m not particularly extreme about men as well. It just works and there’s little tension. 

It just works great. There’s little friction, aside from our insecurities and surely ideology is nothing more than a collective of our own fears and worries? What possibly substitute is there for nature?

In other words, I couldn't imagine a functioning hetrosexual relationship where you have masculism and feminism co-existing. Either the woman or the man would have the give in to either ideology. A queer feminist couple would obviously have more ground and I’m willing to bet is more common as a result of the ideology. 

I don’t like it when men give into feminism and when women give into masculinity. If there’s already an incompatibility, I’d rather see it end than have one person compromise. 

I could be wrong.